1. One guy (some name) has Rs. 100/- in hand. He has
to buy 100 balls. One football costs Rs. 15/, One
Cricket ball costs Re. 1/- and one table tennis ball
costs Rs. 0.25 He spend the whole Rs. 100/- to buy the
balls. How many of each balls he bought?                        Marks: 3

2. There are Brown and Black cows. In five days four
black cows and 3 brown cows give as mush as milk that
four brown cows and 5 black cows give in four days. If
the black cow gives 10 litres of milk per day, how
many liters of milk the Brown cow will give in one
day?                Marks: 4
        (Numbers are not certain)

3. There are following denominations of money: 1, 2,
5, 10, 20, 50, and 100 paise. Alex has as twice mony
as David, who has as twice as Bindya, who again has as
twice money as Charles. Each has two coins in hand.
Which coins Bindya has?                            Marks: 5

4. Four countries, Armenia, Bangladesh, Cairo and
Denmark came in the final of a Judo championship. Thre
are some conditions like
    a: If Cairo wins the gold and/or Denmark wins the
bronze
    b: if Aremania won the gold and/or Bangladesh won
the bronze
    c:.....................
              (I'm not sure about these conditions.
There were three conditions)
    hint: In Judo bronze medal is given to two
countries.                                Marks: 5

5. I don't remember the question                                            Marks: 8

6. There's a camel living in a desert. There is a
market 1000 miles away. The camel has 3000 dates for
sale. It has to take the date to the market. But for
that hte camel eats one date per mile. How many dates
the camel can trade?                                Marks: 10

7. There are 8 stamps, 4 Red and 4 Green. There are
three logicians also. One moderator sticks thow stamps
each on the forhead of each logician such that each of
them can see all the stamps except those on his
forhead and the two in moderator's pocket. Then the
moderator asked each whether he knows the colors of
the stamps he wears? Then the answeres were:
  A: "No"         B: "No"         C: "No"        A: "No"        B: "Yes"
What were the colours of the stamps that B wears?                    
            Marks: 11