hi L&T takers: hope this info I got frm gp hlps u all,
here is the test pattern for SET(Software Engineer Trainee):
.
THE PAPER IS IN TWO PARTS
iN THE FIRST ONE THERE ARE 40 QUESTIONS OF VISUAL
REASONING AND IN SECOND THERE ARE 50 QUESTIONS FROM
MISCELLANEOUS 30,40 TOPICS
Question paper is here:
Ok GUYS,
  so i attended the L&T test today with all the valuable info that so many
of u had provided to me. Well ,now 4 the info.
   The paper pattern is the same that was mentioned by all those ppl who
helped me.
  Part 1:-> Psychometric test.
    Easiest thing in the world. Eight figures with you having to
    predict the ninth. Just use some common sense and u r thru this
    test. A WORD OF CAUTION tho; plz. do not waste time on a question
    if u r not sure ,just come back later n then do it. (36questions-
    40minutes.)
  Part 2:-> Engineering syllabus based Technical Test
     Now this sectin is a bit tricky.
     WARNING: Absolutely do not waste time on any question. U hardly
              get any time to think. (40 questions n 30 minutes.)
     Some of the questions r a s follows:-
      a) What is reverse engineering.
      b) Octal of some binary number(comes to 165 in decimal after
         conversion).
      c) A cobol prog with an integer array(I guess coz i did not have
         Cobol in my syllabus).
      d) A problem on Depth first search(very simple).
      e) Question on Grammar's frm Theory of computer science.
      f) Something like Select the correct option when
             A Subset of (B Subset of ( A Intersection B)
                  if B is completely contained by A.
      g) A question on memory(quite simple).
      h) A couyple of questions on C(one on pointers).
           These r all I can remember.

Next round was the GD.
By the way out of the 21 ppl who attended the test with me only 9
  including myself were selected.The GD was  amere formality i guess.
  We were given the topic "Do u think women make better managers?"
  A debatable topic , but we merely agreed with each other and no big
  problem with it.
