
INFOSYS PAPER & INTERVIEW - 08 JAN 2006 - MUMBAI

I took an infosys aptitude test on 8th jan at mumbaiand i got
 selected for interview also. i will like to share my experience
.this is how the logoc paper was(dont remember all the questions
 exactly) 

1.a clock strucks 6 times at 6'O clockand it takes 30 secs 
for that.how much time would it take to struck at 12'O clock? 
ans:66 secs

2.two types of tea(say) are sold at 5pnds and at 3 pnds per kg 
each.40 kg mixture of tea is sold at pnds 240 with the profit 
of 33n1/3%.how many kgs of 5pnds tea was sold? 
ans:30kg 
(average profit loss n mixture and allegations sum) 

3.a train leaves from mumbai to patna n vice versa at 9 am
 everyday and reaches patna at 9:30 am after 3 days.a train 
left from mumbai to patna then how many trains did it come 
across while the journey?ans:5 trains (not sure) 

4.there are as many trees in the garden as no of mangoes on 
each tree.if number of mangoes are between 2000 and 2100 then 
how many trees are there in the garden?ans: 45 trees 

5.it was logic problem.something like 4 persons have some amount
 each andsome conditions were given.we had to find the 
profession of the each person from those conditions.
(bit tricky problem but i got it right). 

6. mr ajay singh got paramveer chakra award in 1948.his age when
 he died was one thirtyninth the year in which he was born then
 find the year in which he was born? ans: 1899 

7.it was that famous problem.dane drinks tea n drinks malbero
 white (cigarate),english stays in the house next to the 
swedish and has pet cat,norwegian has dog and stays in the
 middle house and all that information was given about house
 no,drink cigarate (no straight forward)in about 15-20 sentences
.this is one of the very toughest problem i couldnt solve it.


8.then some chocolate bars problem was given like i had some 
bars,i gave half the bars to my mother n half more to my father
 then half of the remaining n half more to my pet and i ended 
up with 1 bar with myself.how many bars did i have initially?
(its not exact but was very much like this only) 

9.then some logic problem was given .something like 4 persond 
A,B,C,D participate in sports and some conditions were given 
like who participates in which events and winner of some event 
participated in only two of the sports (given with sports names)
n all.n u had to find winner of 4 sports(given with names).
average logical reasoning problem. 

10. i dont remember the 10th one. 

   i got seven right(surely)and 1 more half and guessed 
other two. 

INTERVIEW: almost 600 ppl gave the exam(thats what i heard)and
 around 100 got selected for an interview.i expected the call
 and i got it for the 9th of jan 10'O clock in the morning. 

    i reached for an interview by 9:20 and they asked me to 
sit in the waiting room.there were 5 panels with 2 persons on
 each.on an average interviews were going for 20 -25 mins.i
 walked in for an interview at 10:30.there were 2 ladies sitting
 over there one around 33-34 and other of around 45years old. 
    we exchanged good morning n then she asked me about myself. 
me:i am an honest optimistic and hardworking person and i try to
 persue my goals till the end i just dont like to give up.
(she smiled a bit) 
they were mainly asking with respect to my resume. 
lady:ur hobbies r cricket and football? so have u been part of
 the college team? 
me:yup i have represented the college football team. 
   then she asked me about my BE project and my role in that.
i had prepared this question very well so i explained it
 properly. 
lady:so any previous job experience? 
me:no,actually i was getting job in couple of small companies
 but i wanted to start my career with bigger platform like 
infosys or such so i rejected those offers. 
lady:so dont u think one should start from small opprtunitie
s and move on towards bigger ones?so why didnt u take those? 

me: see i think u should get a good industrial experience 
after doing engineering for 4 years and generally u dont get
 exposed to various aspects of industry in the small companies
 and u learn them only in bigger companies like infy and also
 u should work for atleast 2-3 years to get that experience so
 i dont think that there is any point in doing a job for 6-7 
monthes n then leave it so i was waiting for the right
 opprtunity.(both the ladies looked impressed) 

lady: so u read also?what books have u read recently? 

me:i generally read daily news papers and if i get time 
then i like to read scientific books.like the one i read 
recently A LIFE IN THE NUTSHELL and A BRIEF HISTORY OF TIME
 from stephen hawlkings. 

lady:so what r they about? 

me:actually they r about our universe and black holes n all,
and the other 1 is bit like his autobiography like how did he 
do his journey after getting afftected by motor nuron desease
 at very early age,,its quite fascinating. 

lady: so whom would u like to become for a 1 day if u r given
 a chance? 

me: ummm well i will like to be someone like mr abdul kalam. 

lady:why? and what r the qualities u know about him? 
me:he is the no 1 scientist of our country and he is our 
president now.the fact i admire him a lot is even with so 
much of success and fame he is very simple human being and
 down to earth and always try to help poor ppl. 

then she asked me to solve 1 st prob from the test n i 
explained it properly.the other lady gave me 1 more puzzle
 like write 1 using all ten digits.i approached it with 
addition and subtractionas 9-8+7-4-3.... n i got it somehow.
(ladies looked pleased)actually after the interview i realised
 the simplest way to do is:9^0+8^0+7^0+6^0+5^0-4^0-3^0-2^0-1^0=1
. 

lady:if u r going on highway and all the 4 tyres get punctured 
and u lose all nuts also,u dont have spare nuts so what will
 u do?suppose u r on mumbai pune highway. 

me:well i will use spare tyres and i will fix them up with 
something like nuts ,like..like.. like.. 
lady:common u said u r optimistic so u should find some way 
and suppose u have very imp meeting to attend then
 how will u get ur car done? 

me:well mam then i will ask for lift ,out of ten atleast
 1 will give me a lift n i will try to get myself at the 
nearest spot like lonavla n then take a volvo or something 
n wont bother for my car at that moment as i have to reach 
for the meeting 1st. 

lady:so u have written that u like to explore new things 
in ur life.so what r they? 

me: mam like i go for trecking rgularly 

lady:n where did u go for very last time n when? 

me:i went in june or july n i had gone for raigad fort.its
 very nice place n shivaji maharaj had his empier on the raigad.
 
lady:how did u go there? 

me:we took ST from mumbai central for mahad n then took 
another ST for an hour or u can take a tamtam also. 

lady:so if i want to go there n i dont have any knowledge of
 trecking then how will u plan it? 

me:mam if u r coming then i will better hire sumo so no halts
 r requiredn i will ask u to take 2-3 sarees or whatever u r
 comfortable wearing with plus some medicines n firsr aid box
 n some water,u shouldnt carry too much of luggage for treck
 as it will create problems for u plus u get everything on 
raigad.(she actually asked me to specify every thing) 

lady:ok so if u r group of 10 with old and young ppl n there
 is a risky pasage on treck for 5 mins then what will u do?
where would u locate yourself in the group? 

me:i will lead the group.i will go first so that i can give 
instructions to others which spot is slippery and where should
 u be carefull.also i will make groups of 2 with young n old 
person in each group so that young person can help old ppl while
 crossing the passage. 

lady:ok thats it, any questions ameya? 

me:no mam.thank you. 

      it was approximately 25 mins interview and i think i
 did quite well in the interview. atlest ladies were happy 
on their faces and looked satisfied. 

If u are looking forward for such useful papers as above
(and lots more)
Join us at by visiting and click "join the group" link:
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/software_jobs