Hello Chetana Mam and Chetanaites,
   I am a fresher who just finsiehd my final year B.Tech Information
Technology.Being fully prepared for the selection test for Infy on
June 19th, and with God's grace I was able to get an appointment
Order form Infosys.I would like to give back to the group the 10 day
schedule that i followed, which may be of use in CRACKING the Infy
test.If 10 days arent there for you, then you coudl leve out the
days that i have used for Ravi Narula and the quantitaive Aptitude.
That would bring down the number of days to 7 or 8. You need to
manage your time very effeciently. Spend your itme in studying, and
prayers. Prayers do help a lot .

Usually when you register with Infosys, you woul get a mail atleast
10 to 12 days before the written test either by email, or by
Post.Let us keep this as 10 days.Before we start off, three rules
must be kep in mind.

FIRST RULE : While job hunting , check your mail on a daily basis,
so that you dont get delayed info regarding test or other such
details . Even the appointment order comes by email.

SECOND RULE : Once you do receive the intimating or hall ticket,
check for the following books.Not all chapters need to be followed
in each book and i have given the need ones in the daily schedule .

(1) Puzzles to Puzzle you - Shakuntala Devi (very Important)
(2) More Puzzles - Shakuntala Devi (very Important)
(3) Puzzles and Teasers - George Sammers (very very Important)
(4) Brain Teasers - Ravi Narula (Optional, but few old sums are here)
(5) Quantitative Aptitude - R.S Agarwal ( Important)
(6) Verbal Reasoning - R.S Agarwal (very very Important)
(7) Previous Papers - Chetana group, KoolKampus.com, Mail me for
more (Important)

THIRD RULE : YOU must forget all your previosu failures and start
afresh with firm determination and enthusiasm. Once you do this ,
solving puzzles become easy . I solved 9 out of 10 puzzles.
Concentrate on the bigger puzzles first . This may be the way the
marks are distributed:

        8 marks and 6 marks - George Sammers and Verbal Reasoning
(R.S Agarwal)
        4 marks and 5 marks  and 3 makrs - Shakuntala Devi books and
Ravi Narula and Quantitative Aptitude(R.S Agarwal)
        Some questions from Previous Papers

Now lets start of with the schedule :

DAY 1 : Start off with Puzzles to Puzzle you - Shakuntala Devi and
finish as mush as possible.Decide to only finish the book and call
the day off. Note down the sums which you are not able to solve or
need the answers to solve and keep this list safely. After you go
through the whole book, go back to thses questions and just check
out the way they are solced. Sometimes they will not be explained.
In this case you have no choice but to leave them. But some sums
will have some funny explanations.Just rememeber the way or method.

DAY 2 : Now take a break off from Shakuntala Devi and then start
Verbal Reasoning - R.S Agarwal . In this you just have to do the
Puzzle Test Chapter fully , and have a look at the Number, Ranking
and Sequence Test chapter. I contains fully George Sammers type
question on  easier scale but you woudl be able to uderstand the
basic logic of solving George Sammers type questions.Finish off the
whole book during the second day.There is just one or two methods to
solve these sort of questions and the explanation is very clear .
Once you get the method , you can solve al the puzzles in this, but
just in case do go through all the puzzles. there have been puzzles
in previous papers from here.Once ou get the method well, there will
not be any revision necessary in this book . But you will have to
concentrate on the method.

DAY 3 : Now back to More Puzzles - Shakuntala Dei and follow the
same procedure you followed for the first book.

DAY 4 and DAY 5: Get your George Sammers book and start off solving
the puzzles. The first half is kind of easy, btu dont be worried if
your not able to solve much. Even one or two is enough . The Rest ,
you just have to use the scheme and the solutions and then
understand the puzzle thoroughly. Many papers have similar sums with
the names changed. Try to finish the first half in a day . And start
off the second half . The second half is relatively tougher, and it
will be very confusing. Just try to solve some. The second half ,
even the solutions will confuse you more. So just solve as many as
you can. The rest you can make use of the soultions . If they are
too complex, Leave them aside. Note down all sums you could not
solve or could solve only using the solutions and list them . When
you are through the whole book, just revise all the sums, giving
preference to the ones that you have listed . It si okay even if you
sit with George Sammers for three days. But you must fully be able
to undertsand all the question in the First part. The second part ,
atleast maybe few sums are optional.

DAY 6 : Take your quantitative Aptitude book by R.S Agarwal and work
out the following chapters fully. Note down tough sums and their
solutions and come back to solve thme and revise them .
The chapters to be done are :
(1) Time and Distance (very important)
(2) Time and Work
(3) Pipes and Cisterns
(4) Trains
(5) Boats

DAY 7 : Revise Shakuntala Devi book-1 and revise it well. Not
necessary to wokr out the porblems. Just check if your method is
correct . The sums you have listed, give them extra importance. By
the end of this day , you must Shakuntala Devi book-1(Puzzles to
Puzzle you ) on your finger tips.

DAY 8 : Revise the book-2 of Shakuntala Devi , just how you revised
the first book.End of this day you shoudl ahve both Shakuntala devi
books at your finger tips.

DAY 9 : Revise George Sammers, such that you can easily solve the
whole first part . The second part , leave ii , if it is tough.

DAY 10 : Check out Ravi Narula. The sums are very tough . It will be
enough if you just c the solutions and understand them . Some sums
are asked in some papers.( There is one questin abt some ANYMAN
reaching ANYWHERE. His tyre gets punctured and he reaches late.If
his tyre got punctured earlier / later then he would have reached
earlier/later. How far did he travel..soemthing like that).that is
form this book . Many papers have this sum repeated. But the names
are changed. Ravi Narula is just optional, but I suggest that you go
through all sums and their solution atleast once.Dont take too much
time on Ravi Narula. Just three or four hours would be sufficient.
Lastly, Check out old papers from this site, from
KoolKampus.com....You can also mail me in advance to get more papers
from me.

INTERVIEW : Interview is Casual.If you have done excellently well in
the test , your interview process is very simple and a walkthrough
if you have good communication skills ( Speak clearly, frankly).
My Interview Panle consisted of one Madame and one Sir. They asked
me abt Team Wokr, Abt my College, Abt my family, My hobbies, My
interests, Certain changes i would like to bring out in the current
socio-economic development (I said to remove unemployment).I was nto
asked any puzzles in my interview. But I do have a list of puzzles
that coudl be possibly asked. I would post them too on this forum .
Interview was very friendly .
You are free to ask the panel your performance and expectation of
your order. Be positive. Thats a very very big Point in your HR
interview.My friend had a stress interview. Be cool, Dont react.

Pls do mail me in case you have any doubts. Also mail me if this
post has helped you become an Infosion. I would be very happy if
this post has helped few fellow Infosions out there .
pls do lemme know if you do get selected. You can also add me in
your messenger. I will be online everyday, and u can send me
offlines to clarify certain doubts .