Infosys Question paper Conducted on 19-06-2005

 

   1. Shakuntala Devi :Puzzles to puzzle you Question no 133. ( 3 marks)
   2. Shakuntala Devi :Puzzles to puzzle you Question no 62    (3 marks)
   3. there are 100 men among them 80 have telephones and 70 have cars and some 75 have houses and 85 have
      mobiles.(data is not exact) . what is the minimum number of men that have all these things.?
   4. This was a Logical question : 4 names were given with 4 family names.Then 4 fruits were given i.e grapes,banana,strawberry,custard.4 conditions were given where each of the girls used 3 fruits to make salad.We had to find which girl used what fruits to make the salad and which girl belonged to which family.Longest question in the whole paper took a lot of time but the time is worth with regard to the marks.                                                                                  (8 marks)
   5. 3 children were playing,one of them left footprints on the kitchen.3 statements given like out of which 2 of them are lying.Find who left the footprints.
   6.  There are two colcks one runs 1min/hrs faster and other 1min/hr slower when will the two clocks have time time difference of 1 hr :                 (6 marks)
   7. A man was asked to pick up cards and post it in such a way that he would post only  5% of the cards in total,he decided that he would pick the first leave the second pick the next leave the next 2 then pick the third and leave the next 3 and so on till the end.He found at the end that he had exactly picked up 5% of whole pack of cards.Find the total number of cards.
   8. 3 people M,H,G gave 3 statement each, of which 2 are true and 1 is false.

  what are M,H,G 's ages.

 

    M: 1. m=22

       2. h=m+2

       3. g=m-1

    H: 1. H is not youngest

       2. H,G difference is 3

  3. H=g+1

    M: 1.

       2. m=23

       3.

        ans: m=23,g=22,h=25

 

 

 

   9. Sorry Don’t remember this question.
  10. 4 cards are placed on a table, each card has two colors. U don't know the color of the   back side of eachcard.4       persons A  B C and D are sitting on the table before the cards.   They can  see Red, Green Red and blue .Out of       the 4 poeple 2 always lie.They see the color on the reverse side and give the following  

                       Comment

           A: Yellow/Green

          B: Neither Blue/nor Green

         C: Blue/yellow

        D: Blue/Yellow

       find out the color on the other side of the 4 cards.  

 

Interview questions:

Two people conducted the interview one was a middle aged person another was younger and restless.Please be on time as the campus is very far and huge.

1.      Tell me about urself. Be careful what ever u tell based on that questions shall be asked because this is the only way for them to know u .

2.      Be prepared to tell about ur strengths and weakness.

3.      If u were the prime minister what would u do to improve the status of hockey in the country?

4.      asked two puzzles straight from Shakuntala Devi books.

5.      Be prepared to ask some questions to the interview panel when they ask u to do so.

                    Overall very pleasant and cordial.