Hi all!

   These are the puzzles asked at the test.

1.A Farmer has some pigs and ducks with him.When asked how many pigs
and ducks he had he replied.."I have 60 eyes and 86 feet between
them".How many pigs and ducks did he have?

A. 13 pigs and 17 ducks

2.If 1/5th of a hive of bees flew to the badamba flower , 1/3rd flew
to the slandbara,three times the difference of these two numbers flew
to an arbour and 1 bee continued to fly about ,attracted on each side
by the fragrant ketaki and malati, what was the total no. of bees?

A. 15

3.In a colony of 100 people, 65 own a house,75 own a car,85 have
telephone,85 r married the how amny r married and have
telephone,house and car?


4. Four families - Joe,Flure,Miller,Clark
   Four friends - Mandy,Robin,Erica,Stacy
   Each friend prepares fruit salad using 3 fruits.All the friends
use apples,cherries,grapes,banana.No two friends use the same
combination of fruits.Each two friends have two fruits in common.
Some clues were given.we have to find out to which family each friend
belongs and what r the fruits each one used in their salad.


5.George,Harry,Michael attend an interview and make the following
statements.

George : 1.I am 22 years old.
         2.Harry is two years older than me.
         3.Michael is 1 year younger than me.

Harry : 1.I am not the youngest.
        2.The difference of ages between myself and michael is 3years.
        3.Michael is 25 yrs old.

Michael : 1.George is 22 years old.
          2.George is 1 yr older than michael
          3.Harry is 3 yrs older than george

  It was found that all the three gave exactly 1 false statment.What
are the ages of George,Harry and Michael?

A. Goerge = 23
   Harry  = 25
   Michael = 22

6.A man while sorting files,picks one,misses next,picks one,misses
2,picks 1,misses 3 and so on.He finally picks the last file.He finds
that alltogether he had picked 5% of the total files.How many files
did he pick?

7.Three triplets-Anny,Fanny,Danny.Somebody spoils kitchen.Mom asks
them and they reply..
   Anny : I didn't do it
   Fanny : Danny did it
   Danny : Fanny is lying
If only one of them is telling truth,who spoiled the kitchen?

A.Anny

8.A bag consists of 100 balls--20 blue,20 white,20 yellow,20 green
and 20 red.What is the least no. of balls to be picked up so that 2
of them are of same color?

9.Holmes and watson set their watches so that both the watches show
the same time.But they are unaware that watson's watch is 1 minute
slow and Holmes's watch is 2 minutes fast.After sometime they notice
that both their watches differ by 1 hour exactly.After how much time
did they notice the difference?

A. 20 hours

10.Four people - A,B,C,D
   Four cards painted on both sides not with same color
   Four cards r placed on a table in fron tof 4 people
   Four cards have no visible or hidden color in common
   After seeing their respective cards and their hidden colors they
make the following statements about their hidden colors.

  A Green or red
  B Neither green nor red
  C Blue or Yellow
  D Yellow or blue
 

Exactly 2 of them are lying,what r the visible and hidden colors of
all the 4 people.


  Puzzles were given 1 hour time and English section was for 1/2 an
hour.First there was a passage-questions based on that
passage,Identifying gramatically incorrect statements,statements with
spelling mistakes,fill in the blanks with the correct tense,meanings
of phrases.

  The interview was held on the next day 20th june at electronic
city.There were two gents in the panel.The questions were :

1.Tell me about yourself
2.Funniest incident of u r college
3.About u r project
4.if u were made the IT minister,how would u promote u r knowledge
and technology in rural areas
5.Measure the volume of the room u r not given any tape
6.If given the land distance from b'lore 2 u r place what is the air
distance
7.Any 5 uses of an empty bottle other than holding any liquid
8.If given a project,There is an empty room.Whenever someone opens
the door lights must be on...There should be some message to catering
section so that the server can bring the exact no. of water glasses
as the persons present in the room.How would u do it.

The interview was a bit tough..Said that they'll inform in 2 weeks if
selected.

bye,
vidya. 



