
INFOSYS PAPER - 26 FEB 2006 - DELHI
Location : TIS, Delhi.Date : 26th Feb'06 Time : 9.00 am

It's 12.00 Noon. I've just had my infy written test. result is 
awaited, will be declared at around 4.pm. let's hope for the
 best.it was hard to pass these four hours by just waiting for
 the result, so by the time my result is declared, let me share
 a few questions with you...which may help u in future.
Pattern : 1 hour for 10 Puzzles and 30 mins for 45 questions 
in eng.Puzzles : As far as i remember...

1. Two marble sellers
 A and B plan to play a marble game. Initially they have the 
same no. of marbles in the stock, before starting the game. 
Now the game starts.A wins 20 marbles in the first run and 
loses (2/3)rd of the stock in the play-off. What was the no.
 of marbles with each of them, before they started the game ?
Ans : 300 Marbles (Not sure)

2. There is a wall clock which 
rings after every precise one hour. When it was 8 o'clock, 
it rang for 7 seconds. Calculate the total no. of seconds 
the clock rings for, in the whole day.Ans : 132 seconds (Not sure)

3. Four people with last names as Conner, Morghan, Smith and 
Wills have their first names as Tom, Jack, Al and Bell, NOT
 RESPECTIVELY. They play a game in which the winner collects
 some money from all others.They played the game four times.
 In the first game, the winner will collect Rs. 10 from all 
others, in second game, the winner will collect Rs. 20 from 
all others, in the third, the winner will collect Rs. 30 from
 all others and in the fourth game, the winner will collect 
Rs. 40 from all others.Jack takes the first game, morghan 
the second, smith the third and Al the fourth. Tom had the
 maximum cashin the beginning, and Wills had the maximum at
 the end.Match their first names and surnames. Give their full
 names.

4. A bag with 100 kgs potatoes have 99% water. It is kept
 in the open under the sunlight. After sometime, little amount 
of water got evaporated and reduced to 98%. What is the weight
 now ?

5. 5 boys - A, B, C, D and E go to catch some fishes.A&B 
catch 12B&C catch 20C&D catch...D&E catch...A and E catch equal 
no. of fishes.Now they plan to pool and divide the fishes.D pool
 with A&C and fishes were divided in the ration of 1/3 similarly
 E pools with B&C...and so on. The fishes were perfectly divided
 within the guys evenly.(actually i don't remember)Calculate 
the no. of fishes caught by A, C and E.

6. A girl buys a grandfather clock two weeks back. This clock
 loses 24 minsin every one hour time. You set the time at 12 
midnight and the clock now displays 3.00 am and it was stopped 
one hour back from now. So what is the actual time now ?
Ans. 6.00 am (not sure)
s
7. (Repeated) A 10 digit no. has its first digit equal to the
 no. of 1's , second digit equal to no. of 2's ....till 
9th digit equal to no. of 9's and 10th digit equal to no. 
of 0's. What is the number ??Ans. 2100010006 (not sure)
Rest of
 the questions i don't remember. actually i didn't attempt.Then 
there was the english test. neither too easy nor too tough.So
 my advice will be just go through the previous questions and 
shakuntala devi's puzzles. It's not too hard to crack the infy
 test.
Thanks...All the best guys...
Glad to be a part of this group...

Join us at by visiting and click "join the group" link:
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/software_jobs