Infosys:

 

1.        There is a escalator and 2 persons move down it.A takes 50 steps and B takes 75 steps while the escalator is moving down.Given that the time taken by A to take 1 step is equal to time taken by B to take 3 steps.Find the no. of steps in the escalator while it is staionary.
2. If 5/2 artists make 5/2 paintings using 5/2 canvases in 5/2 days then how many artists r required to make 25 paintings using 25 canvases in 25 days?
3. If the digits of my present age are reversed then i get the age of my son.If 1 year ago my age was twice as that of my son.Find my present age.ans. father-73, son-37

2.       There are 6561 balls out of them 1 is heavy.Find the min. no. of times the balls have to be weighed for finding out the haevy ball.    ans. 8
5. If i walk with 30 miles/hr i reach 1 hour before and if i walk with 20 miles/hr i reach 1 hour late.Find the distance between 2 points and the exact time of reaching destination is 11 am then find the speed with which it walks.ans. 120miles and 24 miles/hr

6. There r four face cards (J,Q,K,A) all of different types(diamond,club,spade,heart) and some conditions r given.find the order of cardsans. king -> jack -> queen -> ace
heart diamond spade club

7. If A,B,C,D,E r 5 members of a family.4 of them give true statements : 
1. E is my mother in law
2. C is my son in law's brother
3. B is my father's brother
4. A is my brother's wife

Who made the stmt. and what r the realtions among them
ans. E
| 
A<-->B--C
|
D
<--> denotes husband-wife
-- denotes brothers

8. The product of 5 different temperatures is 12.If all of then r integers then find all the temperaturesans. -2,-1,1,2,3

9. If a flight travels between India(IST) and Toronto(TST).There r 2 types of flights slow and fast.
IST TST
SLOW - - 
FAST - - 

TST IST
SLOW - -
FAST - ?

These are the departure times and arrival times for slow and fast flights in IST and TST. then find the time in ?
ans. 22:40
10.There r 9 cities numbered 1 to 9.From how many cities the flight can start so as to reach the city 8 either directly or indirectly such the path formed is divisible by 3.eg. 1368-Flights goes through 1-3-6-8.

11. If i do this puzzle i find it to be hard than the last puzzle that i did before that after that..............very complex stmt.
Is that puzzle difficult,easy,can't say or depends on the no. of puzzles
	

 

 
	

1. I participated in a race.1/5th of those who are before me are equal to 5/6th of those behind me. What were the total number of contestants in the race?(3 Marks)

2. Find the 3 digit number. Third digit is square root of first digit. Second digit is sum of first and third digits. Find the number.(3 Marks)

3. This problem is of time and work type. Some A and some B are able to produce so many tors in so many hours.(for example 10 A and 20 B are able to produce 30 tors per hour). Like this one more sentence was given. We have to find out the rate of working of A and B in tors/hour.(4 Marks)

4. A and B play a game of dice between them. The dice consists of colors on their faces instead of numbers. A wins if both dice show same color. B wins if both dice show different colors. One dice consists of 1 red and 5 blue. What must be the color in the faces of other dice.(i.e how many blue and how many red?). Chances of winning for A and B are even.

(5 Marks)

5. A girl has 55 marbles. She arranges them in n rows. The nth row consists of n marbles, the (n-1)th row consists of (n-1) marbles and so on. What are the number of marbles in nth row?

6. This question is of analogy type. Some sentences regarding tastes of people to poetry are given like all who like A's Poem, like the poems of B. Like this 7 or 8 sentences were given. Questions were based on this.(8 Marks)

7. This question is also of analogy type. Four persons are there A,B,C,D. Each of the four persons own either P,Q,R,S. 10 sentences using if clause were given. We have to find out which belongs to whom.(8 Marks)

8. This question involves percentage.(5 Marks)

9. Problems on ages.(6 Marks)

10. Problems on time and distance.(5 Marks)
	

 
	

 
				

1) Every station in N railroad issues every other station's ticket. Some stations are added. Now they have to issue 46 more tickets. Give the No. of stations after and before added.(5 )

2) There was a race between 3 people. Me, Doug and Anne. When I take 21 steps the distance covered is equal to Doug's 24 steps and Anne's 28 steps. I take 6 steps to every 7 steps of Doug and 8 steps of Anne. Who won the race?3)How many bearers will an explorer need for a 6 day march if each man can carry the food stuff of one man for 4 days.

4) Consider the following statements:
Albert: Dave did it.
Dave: Tony did it.
Gug: I did not do it.
Tony: Dave lied when he said that i did it.
(a)If only one out of all above statements is true, who did it?
(b)If only one out of all above statements is false, who did it?

5) A contribution of Rs. 500 was raisedfrom 500 people. The fee was as follows:
Men: Rs.3.00 each
Women: Rs. 2.00 each
Childern: 0.48 each
If number of women is more than number of men, how many childern are there?

(5 marks)

6) Alice and Liu had some berries. The total of Alice's berries and square of number of berries with Liu is 62. The total of Liu's berries and square of number of berries with Alice is 176. How many berries does each of them have?(6 marks)

7) A rope ladder was left down from a ship. 12 steps of the ladder were exposed at 10:00 am. The queen who was going to visit the ship, said she would visit at 1:00 pm as she would have to climb lesser number of steps then. The tide in the sea increases from morning to afternoon at the rate of 1.2 meters per hour. The distance between any 2 steps of the ladder is 0.4 mts. How many steps will the queen have to climb?

8) 5 hunters Doe, Deer,Hare,Boarand Row kill 5 animals. Each hunter kills an animal that does not corrspond to his name. Also each hunter misses a different animal which again does not correspond to his name.
a) The Deer is killed by the hunter,known by the name of the animal killed by Boar.
b) Doe is killed by the hunter, known by name of animal missed by Hare.
c) The Deer was disappointed to kill only a Hare and missed the Roe.

9) There was 1 more on moon gravity 1/6, weight ...

Altogether there were 11 questions to be completed in 1 hr.English test was simple for 30 mins - 1 comprehension & other fill in the blank kinds, questions some sentence correction questions.

1) a) 10 1 9 2 8 3 7 4 6 5 5 6 4 7 3 8 2 _ _b) 2 4 16 512 _

Write the next elements in the series.

2) A Man is sitting in the last coach of train could not find a seat, so he starts walking to the front coach ,he walks for 5 min and reaches front coach. Not finding a seat he walks back to last coach and when he reaches there, train had completed 5 miles. What is the speed of the train.

3) The Old car of Mary requires tyres to be changed after each 24000 km. If she wants to go for 42000 km journey then how many minimum number of tyres she will need.

4) A coin is so unbalanced that it may come both heads in 2 tosses as it may come tails in a single toss. What is the probabality of getting a head in a single toss.

5) A pen, pencil and eraser together cost $1.00. if 2E<N , if N>2P, and 3P>4E then what a single pen will cost?

6) A local forecast service has accuracy of 2/3 says No rain , and Meteriological service having accuracy of 4/3 says Rain. if Preference is as no rain what is the chance of rain?

7) Sherlock holmes thrwated the plan to kidnapp Mrs mary when they were questioned Mercy and his two associated shipy and rany.when they were telling the story one of them told one thing wrong and other true, the other told both true, and the last told both false. examining the following tell the roles played by each

Mercy:: 1) i wrote the ransome note

2) shipy broke into the window

rany 1) shipy wrote the ransome note

2) mercy ran away with the lady

shipy 1)i broke into the window

2)rany wrote the ran some note.

8) Tom asked kim did you like the stamps? She said yes ,me and rob too liked them. Kim again said that rob got 3 more than he would have got, if i would have kept 2 more than, what he got. Tom asked how many u gave Rob? She replied 2 more than what I got. Tell, how many stamps each rob and kim got?

9) The virgo club members used to meet every week to play cards. Each time they used to seat around a round table and for their memory they used all the possiblecombinations of postions each for a single time only. Can you tell for how many times they met?

Essays Asked

If you are given a chance to change a thing in you hometown, what would you change? Give examples why you want to do so.

Television is creating a communication gap among young generation.

1. A person needs 6 steps to cover a distance of one slab. If he increases his foot length (step length) by 3 inches he needs only 5 steps to cover the slabs length. What is the length of the each slab.Ans: 31 inches.

2. There are 19 red balls and one black ball. Ten balls are put in one jar and the remaining 10 are put in another jar. What is the possibility that the black is in the right jar. Ans: 1/2.

3. There is one lily in the pond on 1st june. There are two in the pond on 2nd june . There are four on 3rd june and so on. The pond is full with lilies by the end of the june.
(i) On which date the pond is half full?Ans: 29th. --the june has 30 days).

(ii) If we start with 2 lilies on 1st june when will be the pond be full with lilies.

ans: 29th June.

4. A lorry starts from Banglore to Mysore at 6.00 A.M, 7.00 A.M, 8.00 am.....10 pm. Similarly one another starts from Mysore to Banglore at 6.00 am,7.00 am, 8.00 am.....10.00pm. A lorry takes 9 hours to travel from Banglore to Mysore and vice versa.
(i) A lorry which has started at 6.00 am will cross how many lorries.Ans: 10.

(ii) A lorry which had started at 6.00pm will cross how many lorries.Ans: 14.

5. A person meets a train at a railway station coming daily at a particular time . One day he is late by 25 minutes, and he meets the train 5 k.m. before the station. If his speed is 12 kmph, what is the speed of the train.Ans: 60 kmph. Refer--Shakuntala Devi Book.

7. A theif steals half the total no of loaves of bread plus 1/2 loaf from a backery. A second theif steals half the remaing no of loaves plus 1/2 loaf and so on. After the 5th theif has stolen there are no more loaves left in the backery. What was the total no of loaves did the backery have at the biggining.Ans: 31.

8. A gardener plants 100 meters towards east, next 100 meters towards north,next 100 meters towards west. 98 meters towards east, 96 meters towards north and 96 meters towards west, 94 meters towards south. and 94 meters towards east and so on. If a person walks between the trees what is the total distance travelled by him before he reaches the center.

Ans: |---------------| | | | | | | | --------|- | ---------------------| -.

9. Long division: example: 1089709/12 ?

ANALYTICAL 4 question---40 marks; 40 minutes;

1. There are four women and 3 men. They play bridge one night. Find widow among them. Rules:
(i) wife and husband are never partners.
(ii) Wife and husand never play more than one game. One night they played four games as follows:-

1. ------ + ------ vs ------- + ---------
2. ------ + ------ vs ------- + ---------
3. ------ + --*--- vs ------- + ---------
4. ---*-- + ------ vs ------- + ---------

the woman are marked * above.

Ans: Refer Problem 21. Mind Teasers by Summers.

2. There are 5 peoples; few of them speak true, few of them false. Identify them.

3. & 4.th problems on Venn diagram.1. From a vessel, 1/3rd of the liquid evaporates on the first day. On the second day 3/4th of the remaining liquid evaporates. What fraction of the volume is present at the end of the second day.

Ans: 50%.

2. An orange glass has orange juice and white glass has apple juice both of equal volumes. 50 ml of the orange juice is taken and poured into the apple juice. 50 ml from the white glass is poured into the orange glass. Of the two quantities, the amount of apple juice in the orange glass and the amount of orange juice in the white glass, which one is greater and by how much?

Ans: The two quantities are equal.

3. There is a 4 inch cube painted on all sides. This is cut down into of 1 inch cubes. What is the no of cubes which have no pointed sides?

Ans: 8.

4. Sam and Mala have a conversation. Sam says I am certainly not over 40. Mala says I am 38 and you are atleast 5 years older than me. Now, Sam says you are atleast 39. All the statements by the two are false. How old are they really?

Ans: Mala = 38 yrs; Sam = 41 yrs.

5. Ram Singh goes to his office in the city, every day from his suburban house. His driver Gangaram drops him at the railway station in the morning and picks him up in the evening. Every evening Ram Singh reaches the station at 5 O' Clock. Gangaram also reaches at the same time. One day Ram Singh started early from his office and came to the station at 4 O' Clock. Not wanting to wait for the car he starts walking home. Mangaram starts at normal time, picks him up on the way and takes him back house, half an hour early. How much time did Ram Singh walk?

6. In a railway station, there are two trains going. One in the harbour line and one in the main line, each having a frequency of 10 minutes. The main line service starts at 5 o'clock and the harbour line starts at 5.02A.M. A man goes to the station every day to catch the first train that comes. What is the probability of the man catching the first train?Ans: 0.8.

7. A family X went for a vacation. Unfortunately it rained for 13 days when they were there. But whenever it rained in the mornings, they had clear afternoons and vice versa. In all they enjoyed 11 mornings and 12 afternoons. How many days did they stay there totally?

Ans: 18.

8. A survey was taken among 100 people to find their preference of watching T.V. programmes. There are 3 channels. Given the no of people who watch at least channel 1, at least channel 2, at least channel 3, no channels at all, atleast channels 1 and 3, atleast channels 1 and 2, at least channels 2 and 3. Find the no of people who watched all three.

9. Albert and Fernandes have two leg swimming race. Both start from opposite ends of the pool. On the first leg, the boys pass each other at 18 m from the deep end of the pool. During the second leg they pass at 10 m from the shallow end of the pool. Both go at constant speed but one of them is faster. Each boy rests for 4 seconds at the end of the first leg. What is the length of the pool?

10. Each alphabet stands for one digit in the following multiplication.

     T H I S

       x I S

    ---------

     X F X X

     X X U X

   ------------

   X X N X X

   ------------

What is the maximum value T can take?

Technical Questions in the Second Round.

1. If 1/4 of the time from midnight plus 1/2 of the time from now to midnight is the present time, then What is the present time? 2. In a 10 digit number, if the 1st digit number is the number of ones,2nd digit number is the number of twos, and ... so on. 10th digit is the number of zeroes, then find the number.

3. A train blows a siren one hour after starting from the station. After that it travels at 3/5th of its speed it reaches the next station 2 hours behind schedule. If it had a problem 50 miles farther from the previous case,it would have reached 40 minutes sooner. Find the distance between the two stations.

4. An army 50 miles long marches at a constant rate. A courier standing at the rear moves forward and delivers the message to the first person and then turns back and reaches the rear of the army as the army completes 50 miles. Find the distance travelled by the courier.

5. A person grows cabbage, he uses a larger square this year than previous year and produces cabbages than previous year. What is the no. of cabbages produced this year?

6. Olympic race : 4 contestants : Alan,charlie, Darren ,Brain. There are two races and average is taken to decide the winner. One person comes at the same position in both the race. Charlie always come before Darren. Brian comes first once. Alan comes third atleast once. Find the positions. Alan never comes last. Charlie & Darren comes 2nd atleast once.

8. Problem finding who is husband,wife & son from 4 set of families.

9. Rank the persons from set of conditions.

1. Number of null pointers in any binary tree = n+1.

2. max(t1,t2,...tn) = pipelining.

3. 50% -DBETXXXXXX - density.

4. print (Head(T)) Traverse(left(T)) print (Head(T)) Traverse(right(T))

5. Boolean Expression Evalvate.

6. Common sub expression:-

Ans: a + e

7. LRU : 1, 2, 3. 8. Tr. Delay - 10000 bits

Ans. 10.01

9. Grammar of Number of shift / reduce operator:

Ans. 4.

10. CPU scheduling 9,8 ?

11. If even x/2 else p(p(3x+1)) 2^k + 1: 3 . 2^(k-1)

12. Memory Allocation Related.

13. Swapping.

Ans: Reference only.

14. Compiler - related Qn.

15. LAN frames - related question.

16. Parameter passing (35,20).

17. sliding window protocol - BUFFER SIZE large.

18. kernel mode - deallocate resource.

19. logic circuit

Ans: Minimum OR = 3.

20. Combinatorics related.

21. Priority Scheduling.

22. cobegin begin x = y; x= x+1; y= x begin x =y; z= z+1; y= z coend ans. Number of values possible = 2.

23. 2 bits flip / 2 bits exchange.

24. Any addr K^+ v(a) + 2I - 2a.

1. Persons A and B. Person A picks a random no. from 1 to 1000.Then person B picks a random no. from 1 to 1000. What is the probability of B getting no. greater then what A has picked.

2. Some free body diagram is given

            3 | 9

--------------------------------

            2 | 4 |

       ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

           C  | 5 | 9   15

       ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

           3 | 2 |

          ~~~~~~~~

        80   | |   A B

For equilibirium find values of A,B,and C.

3. Three boys and three girls brought up together. Jim,Jane,Tom,Virgina,Dorthy,and XXX. They marry among themselves to form three couples. Conditions are :

i) Sum of their ages would be the same.
ii) Virgina was the oldest.
iii) Jim was dorthy's brother.
iv) Sum of ages Jane+Jim and Tom+dorthy is same.
Give the three couples.

4. X^(1/3) - X^(1/9) =60
Solve for X.

5.

     X Z Y

    +X Y Z

  ---------

     Y Z X

  ---------

Find the three digits.

6. Two boats start from opposite banks of river perpendicular to theshore.One is faster then the other.They meet at 720 yards from one of theends. After reaching opposite ends they rest for 10 mins each. After that they start back. This time on the return journey they meet at 400 yards from the other end of the river. Calculate the width of the river.

7. Basketball Tournament organisers decided that two consecutive defeats will knock out the team. There are 51 teams participating. What is the maximum no. of matches that can be played.

8. Three guys are there A,B,C. They have three subjects to take from biology, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry. The four statements of the guys are given. Only two statements are correct out of them.

9. The Master says to his grandmaster that me and my three cousins have ages in prime numbers only. Summation of our ages is 50. Grandmaster who knows the age of the master instantly tells the ages of the three cousins. Tell the ages of three cousins.( 1 is not considered as prime no.)

10. There are two families Alens and smiths. They have two children each. There names are A,B,C,D whose ages are different and ages are less then or equal to 11. The following conditions are given:-

i) A's age is three years less then his brother's age.
ii) B is eldest among the four.
iii) C is half the age of the eldest in Alens family.
iv) The difference in sum of the ages of Alens children and smiths children is same as that of five years ago.
Find the ages of all the childeren.

1. Replace each letter by a digit. Each letter must be represented by the same digit and no beginning letter of a word can be 0.

   O N E

   O N E

   O N E

   O N E

  -------

   T E N

  -------

Ans: 0 =1, N = 8 ,E = 2, T = 7.

2. Ann, Boobie, Cathy and Dave are at their monthly business meeting. Their occupations are author, biologist, chemist and doctor, but not necessarily in that order. Dave just told the biologist that Cathy was on her way with doughnuts. Ann is sitting across from the doctor and next to the chemist. The doctor was thinking that Boobie was a goofy name for parent's to choose,but didn't say anything. What is each person's occupation? Ans: Since Dave spoke to the biologist and Ann sat next to the chemist and across the doctor, Cathy must be the author and Ann the biologist. The doctor didn't speak, but David did, so Bobbie is the doctor and Dave the chemist.

3. Sometime after 10:00 PM a murder took place. A witness claimed that the clock must have stopped at the time of the shooting. It was later found that the postion of both the hands were the same but their positions had interchanged. Tell the time of the shooting (both actual and claimed).

Ans: Time of shooting = 11:54 PM Claimed Time = 10:59 PM.

4. Next number in the series is 1 , 2 , 4 , 13 , 31 , 112 , ?

Ans: 224.

No number has digits more than 4. All of them are 1 , 2, 4, 8 , 16 , 32 , 64 converted to numbers in base 5.

5. Shahrukh speaks truth only in the morning and lies in the afternoon, whereas Salman speaks truth only in the afternoon. A says that B is Shahrukh. Is it morning or afternoon and who is A - Shahrukh or Salman?

Ans: Afternoon.A is Salman.

6. Two trains starting at same time, one from Bangalore to Mysore and other in opposite direction arrive at their destination 1 hr and 4 hours respectively after passing each other. How nuch faster is one train from other?

Ans: Twice.

7. There are 6 volumes of books on a rack kept in order ( ie vol.1, vol. 2 and so on ). Give the position after the following changes were noticed. All books have been changed Vol.5 was directly to the right of Vol.2 Vol.4 has Vol.6 to its left and both weren't at Vol.3's place.Vol.1 has Vol.3 on right and Vol.5 on left. An even numbered volume is at Vol.5's place Find the order in which the books are kept now.

Ans: 2, 5,1,3,6,4.

8. I bought a car with a peculiar 5 digit numbered licence plate which on reversing could still be read. On reversing value is increased by 78633.Whats the original number if all digits were different?

Ans: Only 0 1 6 8 and 9 can be read upside down. So on rearranging these digits, we get the answer as 10968.

9. The shape in the sketch below is that of a square attached to half of a similar square. Divide it into four equal pieces.

Ans: Hint : The figure can be divided into 12 equal triangles.

10. Supposing a clock takes 7 seconds to strike 7. How long will it take to strike 10?

Ans: 10 1/2 seconds.
	

 

1) There are two balls touching each other circumferencically. The radius of the big ball is 4 times the diameter of the small all. The outer small ball rotates in anticlockwise direction circumferencically over the bigger one at the rate of 16 rev/sec. The bigger wheel also rotates anticlockwise at N rev/sec. What is 'N' for the horizontal line from the centre of small wheel always is horizontal.

2)

   1 2 3 4

      + 3 4 5 5

      ----------

        4 6 8 9

      - 2 3 4 5

      ----------

        2 3 4 4

      + 1 2 5 4

     ------------

        3 6 9 8

     ------------

 

Q) Strike off any digit from each number in seven rows (need not be at same place) and combine the same operations with 3 digit numbers to get the same addition. After this strike off another digit from all and add all the No.s to get the same 2 digit No. perform the same process again with 1 digit No.s. Give the ' no.s in 7 rows at each stage.

3) There is a safe with a 5 digit No. The 4th digit is 4 greater thansecond digit, while 3rd digit is 3 less than 2nd digit. The 1st digit is thrice the last digit. There are 3 pairs whose sum is 11. Find the number.

Ans: 65292.

4) there are 2 guards Bal and Pal walking on the side of a wall of a wearhouse(12m X 11m) in opposite directions. They meet at a point and Bal says to Pal "See you again in the other side". After a few moments of walking Bal decides to go back for a smoke but he changes his direction again to his previous one after 10 minutes of walking in the other(opposite) direction remembering that Pal will be waiting for to meet. If Bal and Pal walk 8 and 11 feet respectively, how much distance they would have travelled before meeting again.

5)

  xxx)xxxxx(xxx

      3xx

     -------

       xxx

       x3x

     -------

        xxx

        3xx

     -------

 

Q) Find the 5 digit No.

Hint: 5 is used atleast once in the calculation.

6) A fly is there 1 feet below the ceiling right across a wall length is 30m at equal distance from both the ends. There is a spider 1 feet above floor right across the long wall eqidistant from both the ends. If the width of the room is 12m and 12m, what distance is to be travelled by the spider to catch the fly, if it takes the shortest path.

7) Ramesh sit around a round table with some other men. He has one rupee more than his right person and this person in turn has 1 rupee more than the person to his right and so on, Ramesh decided to give 1 rupee to his right & he in turn 2 rupees to his right and 3 rupees to his right & so on. This process went on till a person has 'no money' to give to his right. At this time he has 4 times the money to his right person. How many men are there along with Ramesh and what is the money with poorest fellow.

8)Question related to probabilities of removing the red ball from a basket, given that two balls are removed from the basket and the other ball is red. The basket contains blue,red,yellow balls. 9)Venkat has 1boy&2daughters.The product of these children age is 72.The sum of their ages give the door numberof Venkat.Boy is elder of three.Can you tell the ages of all the three.

Analytical Section

1)L:says all of my other 4 friends have money
M:says that P said that exact one has money
N:says that L said that precisely two have money
O:says that M said that 3 of others have money.
P:Land N said that they have money.
All are liers.

Who has money & who doesn't have?

2)A hotel has two,the east wing and the west wing.
Some east wing rooms but not all have an ocean view(OV).
All WW have a harbour view(HV).
The charge for all rooms is identical, except as follows:-

* Extra charge for all HV rooms on or above the 3rd floor.
* Extra charge for all OV rooms except those without balcony.
* Extra charge for some HV rooms on the first two floor & some EW rooms without OV but having kitchen facilities.

GRE model Test 3-question 1J-2.

3)Post man has a data of name surname door number, pet name of 4 families. But only one is correct for each family. There are a set of statements & questions.

4) 4 couples have a party. Depending on the set of statements, find who insulted whom and who is the host of the party.

5) 5 women given some of their heights (tall,medium,short) Hair( long, plainted), stards(Black or Brown), sari,2 medium,2-short.Tall->no sari.Plainted->medium. Answer the combinations.

1) A person has to go both Northwards & Southwards in search of a job. He decides to go by the first train he encounters.There are trains for every 15 min both southwards and northwards. First train towards south is at 6:00 A.M. and that towards North is at 6:10. If the person arrives at any random time, what is the probability that he gets into a train towards North.

2) A person has his own coach&. Whenever he goes to railway station he takes his coach. One day he was supposed to reach the railway station at 5 O'clock. But he finished his work early and reached at 3 O'clock. Then he rung up his residence and asked to send the coach immediately. He came to know that the coach has left just now to the railway station. He thought that the coach has left just now to the railway station. He thought that he should not waste his time and started moving towards his residence at the speed of 3 miles/hr. On the way, he gets the coach and reaches home at 6 o'clock. How far is his residence from railway station.

3) Radha,Geeta & Revathi went for a picnic. After a few days they forgot the date, day and month on which they went to picnic. Radha said that it was on Thursday, May 8 and Geeta said that it was Thursday May 10. Revathi said Friday Jun 8. Now one of them told all things wrongly, others one thing wrong and the last two things wrongly. If April 1st is tuesday, what is the right day, date and month?

1) Least no. when divide by [7 gives remainder 6,6gives 5,5 gives 4 and so on.

Ans: 419.

2) What compilation do?

Ans: Converts Source code to object code.

3) Artficial language is provided which of the language?

Ans: Lisp.

4)241 change its equivalent octal?

5) For cube and sphere 3 views are similarly draw one such figure?

6) Write a program to exchange two variaables without temp?

7) Fortran cannot have value by reference?

8)4,6,8,__

9) Success is to failure, joy is to....

10)Meaning of JOLLY?

11) Opposite to Essential?

12) "Raw" means

13) To be good "Wrestler " one should have?

14) Opposite of "Command" is?

15) Genuine opposite?

16) Two proverbs are given.

17) Sum of two consecutive nos is 55, larger one is?

18) A person goes 4/5 of his usual speed reaches 10 min late to his destinaton, time taken?

19) 80% pass in english, 70% pass in maths, 10% fail in both, 144 pass in both. How many all appeared to the test?

20) To get a parabola if you cut a section of?

21) Bird is flying 120 km/hr betrween B to R. Two trians at B to R at 60 kmph. The distance trvelled by the bird before it is killed?

Ans: 120

22) Meaning of Inert?

1. There is a robery and four persons are suspected out of them one is actual thief, these are the sentences said by each one of them.

A says D had done.
B says A had done.
C says I have not done.
D says B lied when he said that I am thief.

Out of these, only one man is true remaining are false.

Marks : 3.

Ans: C is theif, D is true.

2. How many four digit numbers, divisible by four, can be formed using 1,2,3,4. Repetions are not allowed.

Marks : 4.

Ans: 6

3. A vender solds two things at same cost 12 Rs with one item at 25% profit and other at 20% loss, by this transaction he made profit or loss by how much?

Marks : 3.

Ans: Loss,60%.

4. Two friends A and B are running up hill and then to get down. Length of road is 440 yards. A on his return journey met B going up at 20 yards from top. If A has finished the race 5 minutes earlier than B,then how much time A had taken to complete the race?.

Marks : 8.

Ans: 6.3 minutes

5. Barons question diagnostic test question 8-12, 5 men and 5 women went for foot ball match.........

Marks : 8.

6. Write a five digit number, which will be having two prime numbers, and some two more conditions, like first digit greater than second etc.

Marks : 5.

Ans: 71842.

7. Two employees were there. Employee one says to employee two -- your work experience twice as me amp; employee2 to employee1 but two years before you said that your work experience is thrice as me. Employee2 said yes its also true. What are their work experience?

Marks : 3.

Ans: 4,8. 3

8. There are four persons A,B,C,D and four languages english ,french , german, italian. Conditions:-

1. Only one language is spoken by more than two men.
2. A dont know english.
3. A man can speak either french or german but not both.
4. All man cannot spek in a group (no common language).
5. A can mediate when B and C want to speak with each other.
6. Each men can speak two languages?

Marks : 7.

Ans: A french italian B english french C german italian D german italian.

9. There are 3 women ,they having three jewells, named diamond emerald ,ruby. Three women A,B,C amp; three theifs D,E,F. Each theif had taken one jewel from each of the women following conditions:-

One who had taken diamond is the bachelor and most dangerous.
D 's brother-in-law E who is less dangerous than the thief who had stolen emerald (this is the key from this e had stolen ruby)
D has not stolen from B.
One more condition is there.

Marks : 7.

10. There were five persons out of which two persons hair went white and three persons hair is black. Conditions:-

If A 's hair is white then B's hair is white.
If A,s hair is not black, if C's hair is not black.
Two more conditions but we can easily solve it from first codition.

Marks : 5.

Ans: A and B's hair is white.

Essay

In this age of super computer computer will repalce man.
What is contribution of industry towards human growth.

Interview Questions

1. Two time glases 7,4 how you measure 9.

2. Four persons have to cross the bridge they are having one torch light. Four persons take 1,2,5,10 minutes respectively, when two persons are going the will take the time of the slowest person what is the time taken to cross all of them.

Ans: 17 minutes.

3. A non uniform rope burns for one hour. How you will measure half an hour?

Ans: Lit it from both the sides

1. In the month of october in a year has exactly four mondays and four fridays, find what day of week wiil be on the 20th of November of that year. <