1) One person went to market to purchase three varieties of chocolates. He had purchased 20 items with 20 cents. Fudges are available at 4 cents each, chaco bars are available at 4 for a penny and gum pints are available at 2 a penny. How many of each item he had purchased.

 

2) There is a five digit number, where the third number is one higher than the sum of first and second digits. Fourth digit is twice of fifth and third digit is twice the fourth. Second digit is five more than the first digit. What is the number

 

3) A cube, which is painted red on all its sides, is cut into 27 cubes with three straight cuts. Now how many cubes have

i)                     No red face

ii)                   One red face

iii)                  Two red faces

iv)                  Three red faces

 

4) It is a typical Tap problem. There are two taps, which are used to fill the tank and one tap to empty the tank. First tap fill the tank in 10 min., while the second takes quarter of an hour to fill the tank if both are operated independently. Third tap is capable of emptying the tank in seven and a half minutes. If all the taps are opened simultaneously (when the tank is empty) how long (if ever) will it take for the tank to get filled completely?

 

5) Ten years before, one is seven years more than the "half the age" of other. Now the bride’s age is 30 years. And also one is nine-tenths the age of other. What is groom’s present age.

 

6) Two guys are tossing coin with a bet of $1 for each game. After some tosses., one guy earned $3 while the other won three times. How many games do they play.

 

7) One thief entered a cave where he found a  pile of diamonds. At first he thought of taking all. But listening to his conscience he thought of taking only half of them. But while returning he picked up two more from the pile. After that Second thief entered the cave and bagged half of remaining diamonds and picked up two more while returning. Later third thief entered and did the same. Even the fourth thief did the same. When the fifth thief entered he found only one diamond in the cave. How many diamonds are there in the cave at first.

 

8) There is one 8 marks analytical question. Which is the easiest puzzle I had ever seen. There are in total eight members in the group. Five members are to be selected from that group. They had given three conditions. We have to answer four multiple-choice questions which are framed based on the above three conditions. In almost all the questions, answer can be found out by eliminating the answers from the choices.  Going thru the GRE Barrons analytical section will help. Get the gist of it., rather than trying to solve more and more.

 

9) There are four friends, who are speaking about the pizza, which one of them ate before. Each one will say one statement and we were given that one of them is lying. We have to find out who ate the pizza. Easy one.., no need to worry abt. this.

 

10) All the above nine puzzles are very easy when compared to this one. This is difficult not because of logic but because of its grammer. The sentence structure is too complicate. This question reminded me of puzzle 127 of sakunthala devi’s Puzzles to Puzzle U.

It goes like this. One couple comes from a party and then stats discussing abt. the no. Of women and men in the party. Two statements were made by wife to find out the no. Of men and women in the party. I don’t remember the statements correctly.

 

**

English section:

 

Its consists of one reading comprehension passage, fill in the blanks based on correct form of tense, fill in the blanks with appropriate word among the four choices given, and picking out the wrong statement among four given statements. In total forty questions are there and the time given is 30 minutes.

 

*****

Ans of quantitative section.:

 

1) 3 fudges (12 cents) , 2 chaco bars ( 0.5 cents) , 15 gum pints ( 7.5 cents). I guess penny is equal to cent. They had given it to confuse us. Cent is in general Russian currency, which is analogy equal to our paise. 100 paisa is equal to one rupee and similar to that 100 cents are equal to one rouble.

2) 16842

3) 1 no red face., 6 one red face, 12 two red face, and 8 three red faces.

4) 30 minutes

5) 27 years

6)  9 games

7) 76 diamonds