
hi,
Ur answers to the questions was explained very well with step by step pls Solve this qusetions for ans. I want it urgent
Thank you.
1.some times after 10 pm a murder took place . A witness claimed that the clock must have stoppped at the time of shooting. it was later found that
the position of both the hands were same but their positon had interchanged. Tell the time of shooting actual and claimed
ans(11:54, 10:59 PM)
2. two trains starts from station A and Bspaced 50 kms apart at the same time and speed . as the train starts a bird flies from
one train towards the other and on reaching the 2nd train it flies back to first train.this is repeated till the train collides. if the speed of the train is
25 km/hr and that of bird is 100km/hr how much did the bird travel till collision.
3. A man was on his way to a marriage in a car with a constant speed.
After 2 hours one of the tier is punctured and it took 10 minutes to replace it.
After that they traveled with a speed of 30 miles/hr and reached the marriage
30 minutes late to the scheduled time. The driver told that they would be
late by 15 minutes only if the 10 minutes was not waste.
Find the distance between the two towns?(6Marks)
Ans: 120 miles
4)players were playing a card game. Cards had different colours on both sides. Neither of cards had same colour on both sides. Colours were 2 Red, 2 Blue, 2 Green, 2 Yellow. Cards were lying in front of each player. Now, each player knew the colour on other side of his card. They are required to tell their colour.
Statement given by each of them was :  
            Annie : Blue or Green
            Bobby : Neither Blue nor Green
            Cindy : Blue or Yellow
            Danny : Blue or Yellow
Colours of cards that are visible to all were Red, Blue, Green, Blue in order of their names. Exactly two of them are telling truth and exactly two of them are lieing. Can you tell the colour on other face of card for each player ? (6 Marks)
Sol :
            Annie : Yellow (Lieing)
            Bobby : Yellow (Telling truth)
            Cindy : Blue (Telling truth)
            Danny : Green (Lieing)
5A software engineer returns from America. As he is fat he decided to have evening walk.....he started at 3pm.
 he walks along the road at 4km/hr for some time then he climbs a upward slope area at 3km/hr then downwards
at the rate of 6km/hr. then back to the home through the road at 4km/hr. what is the distance he covered in one
 way if he reaches back home at 9pm
6Jim n Harry have the same number of marbles when they start playing..n then afterwards...Jim gains 20 marbles and later he loses 2/3rds of what he had..now Harry has 4 times as many marbles as Jim
has..What r the initial number of marbles that each of them had?
Ans:100 each
7A women buys some shoestrips n then 4 times of that she buys packet pins n then 8 times of shoestrips
 she buys handkerchiefs..n she has a bill of Rs3.24..n she pays for each article as many paise as there r
 articles(of tht particular item).Now whats the number of handkerchiefs? Ans:16
8Ms.Anitha got her salary n she spent half of it in shopping n gave 1RS to a beggar.
After that 1/2 of the remaining money she spends in a hotel n she gives Rs.2/- as a tip to waiter.n
then 1/2 of the remaining she spends again n she gives 3 RS as charity..n after thatfinally she is left with
 Rs 1/- when she comes out.Whats the actual money she had?
Rs 42/-
9. Uncle reuben and aunt cynthia came to town to shop. reuben bought a hat and suit for 15$.cynthia paid as much
as for her hat as reuben did for his suit then she spent rest of her money for a new  dress . on the way home cynthia called reuben's attention
to the fact that his hat cost 1$ more than her  dress .then she added we had divided our hat money diffferntly so that
 we bought 2 different hats , mine costing 1 & 1/2 time than yours ,  then we  each would have spent same
amount of money. in that case said uncle reuben how much would my hat have cost
10. a town has a population of 500000 and 42% of males and 28% females are
  married to same town . find total no. of males
11. A and B came back home after their exam.his dad asked them abt exam
A replied - 1/3 rd of my answer were wrong
B replied - 5 of my answer were wrong but together we got 3/4 of answer write.how many question were
there for exam