/* THIS FILE INCLUDES INFOSYS PAPERS FOR YEAR 2000 HELD AT IISc AND NAGPUR.
*/


INFOSYS TEST @ IISC - 2000

1:there is a robery and four persons are suspected out of them one is
actual
thief,
these are the senteces said by each one of them!
A says D had done
B says A had done
C says i dddnt done
D  B lied when he said that i am thief


out of these only one man is true remaining are false
ans C is thef,D is true!
maks 3


2  how many four digit numbers divisible by four  can be formed  using

1,2,3,4;repetions are not allowed!
ans 6;
marks 4
3  a vender solds two things at same cost 12 RS with one item at 25%profit
and other at 20%loss,by this transaction he made profit or loss by how
much
ans loss,60paise


marks 3


4 two friends A,B are running up  hill and then to get down!
length if road is 440 yards A on his return journy met B goin up at
20 yards from top,A has finished the rase .5 minuit earlier than
B,then how much time A had taken to complete the rase.

ans 6.3 minuits
marks 4

5 barons question diagnostic test question 8-12,5 men and 5 women went for
foot ball match.........

marks 8

6 write a five digit number ,
which will be having two prime numbers,
and some two more conditions,like 1st digit greater than 2nd etc
its easy(remember one is not a prime number,most people don mistake
taking 1
as prime number)

ans 71842

5 marks

7  two employs were there
employ one says to employ two your work ezxperience twice as me
emp2 exactly
emp1 but two years before you said that your work experience is
thrice as me
emp2 yes its also true
what are their work experience
ans 4,8
marks 3

8   ther are four persons A,B,C,D and for languages english ,french
,german
italian,
conditions
1 only one language is spoken by more than two men
2 A dont know english
3 a man can speak either french or german but not both
4 all man cannot spek in a group(no common language)
5 A can mediate when B and C want to speak with each other
6 each men  can speak two languages
ans
A      french italian
B      english french
C      german  italian
D      german  italian


marks 7

9   there are 3 women ,they having three jewells,named diamond emerald
,ruby

3 women A,B,C
3 thiefs D,E,F
each thef had taken one jewel from each of the women
following conditions
one who had taken diamond is the bachelor and most dangerous
D 's brother in law E who is less dangerous than the thief who had
--------------------------------------------------------------------
stolen emerald
--------------
(this is the key from this e had stolen ruby)
D did nt stolen from B
one more condition is there

marks 7

10 ther were five persons out of which two persons heir went white
and three persons hair is black
conditions
if A 's hir is white then B'hair is white
A,s hair is not blakck if C's hair is not black
two more conditions
but we can easily solve it from first codition
ans is Aand B's hair is white
marks 5

essay
in this age of super computer computer will repalce man!

what is contribution of industry towards humn growth


interview questions!

1 two time glases 7,4 how you measure 9
2  four persons have to cross the bridge  they are having one torch
ligt
four persons take 1,2,5,10 minuits respectively ,
when two persons are going the will take the time of the slowest
person
whats the time taken to cross allof them

ans 17minuits
3   a non uniform rope burns for one hour how you will measure
half an hour
ans lit it from both sides!


BEST OF LUCK!

------------------------------------------------------------------------

INFOSYS TEST @ NAGPUR - 2000
questions
1. there were three suspects for a robbery that happend in a bank, tommy,
joy and bruceEach of them were saying that I haven't done anything and the
other two has done it.police found that tommy was lying .who is the thief.
3M (MARKS).

2. three clocks where set to true time .First run with the exact time
..second slows one minute/day. third gains one minute/day. after how many
days they will show true time.  3M.

3. A,B,C,D,E are some numbers.if AB * CD = EEE and CD - A =CC
THEN what is AB * D =? IN SAME CODE .5M.

4. Joe started from bombay towards pune and her friend julie in opposite
direction.they meet at a point .distance travelled by joe was 1.8 miles
more
than that of julie.after spending some both started there way.joe reaches
in
2 hours while julie in 3.5 hours.
Assuming both were travelling with constant speed.Wath is the distance
between the two cities.   5M.

5. In a six level building,a person lives .suppose the persons are
A,B,C,D,E,F. --- and there were few clues like---
A cann't live above third level,
B cann't live above A and below C.-- i am recalling each.did u understood
the question--
u have to find person living at each level.  5M

6. There were some containers of quantity 1,3,4,5,6,12,15,22,24,38
liters.each was filled with some liquid except one.the liquids are milk,
water and oil.quantity of each was like this
water = 2* milk
oil = 2* water
find out which container was empty and cantainers filled with milk and
oil.
6M

7. there were few diamonds.
1st thief takes half of the diamonds +2
2nd thief takes half of the diamonds +2
3rd thief takes half of the diamonds +2
4th thief takes half of the diamonds +2
when 5 th thief arives there were no diamonds. find total no. of diamonds.
(ans 60)  6M.

8. there were five hunters A,B,C,D,E and five animals A,B,C,D,E. Hunter
having the same name with the animal didn't kill it. Each hunter has
missed
some animal.
A animal was hunt by the hunter whose name matches with animal hunt by
hunter B.
C animal was hunt by the hunter whose name matches with animal hunt by
hunter D.
E has hunt C and missed D .find out animals hunted by A,B,C.  6m.

9. Five students A,B,C,D,E.
when conversation started B,C were speaking english.When D join them they
shifted to Spanish.A,E knows French .B,E knows Italian.Portoguese was
known
to there of them.Spanish was the most common language between them.
one of them knows five languages.
one of them knows four languages.
one of them knows there languages.
one of them knows two languages.
one of them knows only one languages.

A knows ?  4 options
B knows ?  4 options
C knows ?  4 options
E knows ?  4 options       8M
------------------------------------------------------------------------

WISH U ALL THE BEST.........
MAY ALL YOUR DREAMS COME TRUE !!!


