hi

I gave infy test on 8th jan 06. this time paper questions are 
new .Only 2 or questions from previous year. Around 1200 
students took test only 105 were short listed for interview.
so start preparing hard I attend interview on next morning , 
panel of 2 hr.1 male M,1 female F, both were good n make u
 comfortable
I gave infy test on 8th jan 06. this time paper questions 
are new .Only 2 or questions from previous year. Around 1200
 students took test only 105 were short listed for interview.
so start preparing hard
I attend interview on next morning , panel of 2 hr.
1 male M,1 female F, both were good n make u comfortable
 
INTERVIEW
M: tellme about ur self?
Me   I prepared 2 page for it n spoke it completely 
M: in that I spoke about my career objective as I see myself to 
be the team leader of the team after 5 yrs, so hr asked me what
 if u will remain in team after 6 rs?
Me: I told them I am hard worker n I believe in continious 
improvement n I think hard work never goes in vain I will be
 definitely become TL after 5 yrs.
F: asked what were doing from 6 months
Me: I told her that I was concentrated on c, sql,pl/sql ,
I am also learning java n I am improving my communication 
skills, basically in communication skills I concentrated on 
improving my speaking skills rather than improving increasing my
 vocab
F: don't u think vocab is  important
Me: Definetly mam vocab is important but I think the way speak 
represents ur personlaty  therefore if a person have normal 
vocab can communicate effectively,I told her even in English
 reader never use typical words they use simple English. So I
 concentrated on the cpeaking skill,for this I usually watch 
dd1 enlish news n concentrate on the correct pronunciation
I also told her that I lost many interviews n I think the
 reason was that I speak very fast, n I worked on that in 
these 6 months.
F: from where u are learning java
Me:from a institute in jaipur
F:what all u had done for improving ur comm skills
Me: I started recording my voice I start hearing it ,this has
 helped me a lot in improving my speaking ability
M: what do u mean by continious improvement
Me: I told him bla blab la as I am from IEM , so I gave him 
management funda
F: u are a member of so many groups as in my resume I had shown
 that I am the technical leader of my dept online newsletter,
also I was the editor ,n also I was the technical member of my 
college website team, also member of public speaking team
F:she asked me training program which I had done in my college 
Me I told her it was meant for improving communication skill 
F: what were ur responsibilities in public speaking club
Me: to encouge students to speak on stake as there are many who
 have stage fear so we motivated them give them a chance to 
speak , also tell them how to improve comm. Skills ,body 
language
F:Don't u have stage fear
Me : no mam 
F: how u prepared urself for interview
Me: I solved shakuntala devi . N blab bla 
f: do u read anything 
me: yes mam I read newspaper n motivational books
f:which newspaper
me : sometimes times of India( I made the  wrong statement here)
m: what about other times
me: sir as don't get so much time because I am working apart 
from that iam also working part time, n also learning java so 
I get very little time to read news paper,then I say hindu 
I read
m: who is the editor of hindu?
Me: I told him that I concentrate my self on articles so I 
don't know who is the editor
F:do u have any thing to ask
Me: infosys is driven by values c-life what c-life means
f: I didn't get u
me : I repeated the ques I think both of them  don't know about
 that then male speak when u join infy u will get the idea of 
it


 
for written solve:
1 shakuntala devi
2. INFOSYS PAPERS  MUST
 
 
I solve both the parts of shakuntala devi n previous papers
Don't get nervous if u don't find the previous year quest 
repeated but if u solve the pervious papers then u will can 
easily clear written
Q1. about girl n brother . brother ask girl I gave chocolates
 what u had done with it girl replied " I had  give 1/2 maore 
than 1/2 of thetotalto mother (from previous year)
Ans 7
 
Q2: I man got paramvir chakra in 1945 , he died when he was
 1/39 of his birth year.In which year he was born
Soln: 1911
 
Q3: something life ,there are some birds sitting on a tree 
n the no of birds are as many as no of trees the value is b/w
 2000 to 2100. find the no something like that (but logic is
 same)
Ans: 2000(check it)
 
Q4: logical reasoning question (8 marks)
5 people(Norway,germany,swedan,English,m..)5 houses (yellow,
red,blue,..),5 animals(bird,zebra,cat,dog) 5 drinks(tea,milk,
coffee,beer,water),5 cigratees based on that some questions 
were there
Q: Zebra belongs to whom
2 more questions on that one regarding who smoke .(some 
cigratte brand)
 
Q5 (from previous paper)
4 persons with different professions dentist,grocer,., 
some names(flan,..) have to find the profession of the persons
 ,dentist income twice to architect, grocer income twice of 
banker income One more condition
Ans :Easy one 
 
Q6: some atheletics questions some conditions were given 
regarding games won , easy one 
 
Q7:hand shake problem, 11 persons shake hands , how many shakes
 will be there
Ans 55 times
 
Some more questions were there I cant recall now if I recall
 I will mail to the group
 
Guys remember one thing only hard with smartness can make u 
crack the infy written. Gre barrons is must for solving 8 marks
 questions 
 
ENGLISH
 
1 passage
One passage with blanks (u have to fill blanks with proper 
tenses n verb)
Some sentences were given u have to find the wrong one
One line is given u have to find the meaning of that from the
options
Some fill in the blanks were there
English section was very easy anyone can do it 
Concentrate on puzzles , show ur rough work neately

If u are looking forward for such useful papers as above
(and lots more)
Join us at by visiting and click "join the group" link:
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/software_jobs