
INFOSYS INTERVIEW -  feb 2006 - 

Hi 

here's my long story that can be termed as a success now.

well am a 2004 Mechaical Engineering passout.i've been doing a
 few odd jobs here and there and was on the look out for the big
 break in my career.
i took many test conducted by big IT sectors but didnt make it .
they were , 
Infosys
TCS
Satyam
Honeywell
Syntel

and these were a few companies that allowed us mech engineers 
to attend thier test. but sadly i didnt get thru them during my
 first year of job hunting.so i started working in a small mech
 concern and attending a few big companies now and then.


And  finally in November 2005, i gave the infosys test and 
unfortunately wasnt short listed that day . i still wonder why .
 i wrote it pretty well and think i got 8 puzzles right.but 
still there wasnt a positive result. i really was kinda 
flabbergasted then and didnt have a clue what to do next.

so i continued working in that small concern.

then suddenly in Febraury 2nd week i got a call saying that 
i've been shortlisted for the infy interview. that really was
 a laugh , and i thouht someone was playing a dirty game on me.
 but finally i rechecked and realised it was a fact and attended
 the interview that friday. this is how it went.


i was kinda tense when called in , the panel consisted of two
 guys and the worst part was they were not 
at all pleasent to say the least unlike most infy interviews.
i wished them gettig in and took my seat.

1.) i was asked to introduce myself first , which i did ok.

2.) then they asked me why i wanted to do join infosys .
i gave them the usual dream company stuff and a few reasons 
to support.

3.) then they asked me if i knew where infy was planning its
 biggest facility in india.i didnt have a clue but blabbered it
 was in chennai. (it actually was in hyderabad, which i later
 realised).
the interviewer said 'is that all u knew about ur dream company'.

Here was when i thought i lost the chance.

4.) then he asked me where was infosys's biggest facility as of 
now ?
I said it was in mysore (this is right). he said ok, and asked
 me wat else i knew about infy.
i told them about C-life and all that stuff we cud find in
 thier site.

it seemed like he wasnt impressed, and said these were all in
 thier site .i said it was.

5.)then he asked me wat had i done in the past year to update 
myself on the IT industry coz i was from mech background.?

i didnt know wat to anwer intailly, i then said i knew a few
 softwares which i've learned in my college and stuff.

he interrupt me saying that he wasnt asking about any softwares
 or languages , just the work culture and environment.

i thought for a few seconds and said i had lotta friends 
working in the IT industry , so i get to know wats happening 
in the IT sector,besides i update myself reading the newpapers 
and visiting company sites and i myself wasnt convinced with 
the answer.

a better answer wud have been which i later thought was 
" i am working for the past year so i know  how to work in a
 team and manage people and get along with them.so working in
 a team isnt a problem for me.and i know that infy has the world
's best training facility , so am sure thier training wud
  help me adapt to the work culture beter ,me being a fast 
learner.so am sure i can cope up with that ".

am mentioning this coz , it may be useful to some people who 
are in my shoes.

6.) he asked me if i was creative.
which i duly answerd as yes.

he then gave me a cell phone and asked me wat else i cud do 
with that besides its nature of use. and before i cud answer 
he interrupt me saying " the first one wud be a paper weight ,
 isnt it ?? ".
i wondered wats going on and said " yes ,it is " and went on
 saying that it can be wrapped in colour paper and used as a
 decoratice item, calling bell,horn and all that crap.he said 
ok.

7.) it was a puzzle.
he drew a traingle such that each side has  4  small circles 
in it,totally making it 9 circles.(note that 3 circles are on
 the vertex  and 2 in between them).he said i shud fill the 
circles with numbers from 1 to 9 such that they are not repeated
 and all nos shud be used atleast once so that we get 17  
adding up each side.

i being tense , my mind refused to work. but still i tried to
 solve it, actually tring to find out the combi's in which we 
get 17 using the nos 1 to 9.

it was funny, he interrupted me again before i cud finish and 
asked wat am i doing,was i trying trial and error or any other 
method.

i said,am trying to arrive into a logical conclusion trying to 
figure out wat combi's wud gimme 17 and and wat nos wud fit it
 in that vertex circles.he said ok and said he didnt expect me
 to solve it , just wanted to see the approach. i said ok.

8.) he said ok,it was nice to have me there and if i had any 
quetions.
of course i had.

i asked a couple of usual questions and then the million dollar
 question, " when can i expect my results ", which he duly 
answered in 2 to 3 weeks.

that was it.

i really had no hope and cursed myself for messing it all up.

i later met my classmate who was working there and we got 
talking. he then said,it may have been a stress interview 
which they conduct often,it depends on the panel.

so be prepared.

stay unruffled and positive.

if possible show them some eagerness and enthusiasm.
thats all they need , u sure'll be in and i was in for a 
great surprise when i saw the offer letter asking me to 
join on 27th Feb in Mysore.

i really thanked my heavens and was in cloud 9 for some time
 before i got down.

it really was an experiance.

guys,all i wud say is,prepare well for the test,the crucial two aspects are , 

1.) that 10 day preparations.

2.) old QP's. (most of the puzzles were from the old QP's.
if u cud solve or atleast go thru it,it'll really help you a 
lot.)

am  not posting the QP coz its already been posted and u'll see
 that most of the puzzles there was from older ones.so thats 
the key.use that 10 days carefully, plan meticulously and work
 on them,and dont waste your time (i did this when i first took
 the infy test back in november 2004).


i sincerly hope that this mail wud help a few guys who are
 seeking a job .

i wish you all guys a bright future and a job soon. never give
 up  and hold on a second longer , thats the key.stay focussed
 and unruffled.u'll be there before u knew it.

that ends my mail ,


Join us at by visiting and click "join the group" link:
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/software_jobs