INFOSYS QUESTIONS

1. Analytical question. 6 poets, liking and disliking
of poetry E.g.: All who like the poetry of Frost do
not like the poetry of Coolidge. Some who like the
poetry of Dunne like the poetry of Earl. 4 related
questions.  

2. Analytical question. 4 people, 4 products. E.g.:
Vickie will not get a tie unless George buys a scarf.
Remmie will not get a hat unless Jack buys gloves. 
Around 12 statements like this. Who will buy what? 

3. 13 kigs and 6 libs can produce 510 tors in 10 hrs,
8 kigs and 14 libs can produce 484 tors in 12 hrs,
find the rate of production of tors for kigs and libs.
Express the answer in tors/hr. 

4. Find the 3 digit no. whose last digit is the square
root of the first digit and second digit is the sum of
the other two digits.  

5. Meera was playing with her brother using 55 blocks.
She gets bored playing and starts arranging the blocks
such that the no. of blocks in each row is one less
than that in the lower row. Find how many were there
in the bottom most row?

6. Rahul took part in a cycling game with many others
in a circular closed circuit. After pedaling for
several minutes, he found that 1/5th of the cyclists
ahead of him and 5/6th of the cyclists behind him
together formed the total no. of participants. How
many were participating in the race?
 
7. Age sum involving 3 people. Similar to sum no. 127
in Shakuntala Devi but very much tougher than that
sum.

8. Tom wants to catch a hare. He is standing 250 yards
south from the hare. The hare starts moving due east.
Tom, instead of moving in the northeast direction,
moves in such a way that at every instant, he is going
towards the hare. If speed of tom is one and one-third
times that of the hare, find the distance each
traveled before he caught the hare.

9. Two people are playing with a pair of dies. Instead
of numbers, the dies have different colors on their
sides. The first person wins if the same color appears
on both the dies and the second person wins if the
colors are different. The odds of their winning are
equal. If the first dice has 5 red sides and 1 blue
side, find the color(s) on the second one.

10. A company’s director said during the board
meeting: “ The company’s income from roads will be
sufficient to pay 6% of the entire stock issue, but
since we are paying 7.5% interest on the preferred
stock of Rs.4, 000,000 we are able to pay only 5% of
the common stock”. Find the value of the common stock.

