July 6th Morning Batch
______________________

1. are there Three ststions . 1st one lends 2nd and 3rd that many no. 
of tractors that then already each had. After few months, 2nd lends 
to 1st and 3rd that many tractors  then they had. After a few months 
3rd lends to 1st and 2nd that many tractors then they had. Now each 
of them got 24. Find how many they had initially? - 4

2. the time now is 1/4 the time from midnight and 1/2 the time from 
now to midnight what is the time now? - 4

3. there are 6 men a,b,c,d,e,f from leningard, kiev, koshrv and some 
other 6 towns, and were in differnt proffessions
some 5 conditions were given 
you had to match the men with their proffessions and towns ....
 
            - 8 marks

4. Question on Venn diagram.
       All handsome are also fair skinned 
       Some muscular are fair skinned 
       Some muscular are also handsome
       All lean are also muscular 
       Some lean are also fair skinned.
       All rich man is not fair skinned but all rich man are handsome 
4 qustions follow.........     -     8 marks


5. alpha,beta,delta,epsilon and gamma are 5 guys problem, it is in 
the question bank provided by arun kumar - 6 marks

6. a girl saw a serpant and comments on the color(blue,green or 
black) and its length (35,45,55m),

a. if its not black or if its not 35 then it is 55m
b. 
c. 
i dont exactly remember the choices, one of them is always correct 
and other is false. find the color and length
           - 6 marks

7. punchered tyre question. A guy is going on to a city at a constsnt 
speed for 2 hrs, his tyre gets punchered aftered it takes him 10mins 
to  change the tyre, he then goes at a constant speed @30mph for rest 
of the distance, on reaching the destination he finds himself 30mins 
late and comments " if the tyre hat punchered 30miles later(i think) 
i would have been only 15mins late "
find the distance between the two cities.        - 6marks

8. a man will be going with a certain speed, he sees a mile stone 
after sometime he sees another milestone that has the same digits as 
the forst one but in reverse order, after somemore time he sees 
another mile stone that contains the same numbers(either 
forwards/backwards) separated by a zero. find the speed.    6 - marks.

----------------------------------------------------------

July 6th Batch

1.  A car is traveling at a uniform speed. The driver
sees a milestone showing a 2-digit number.  After
traveling for an hour the driver sees another
milestone with the same digits in reverse order. After
another hour the driver sees another milestone
containing the same two digits with a zero in
between(0). What is the average speed of the driver.

Ans: 45 kmph                                

2. Mr. ANYMAN left ANYTOWN by car to attend a wedding
at ANYCITY. He had been driving for exactly two hours
when the car got punctured. It took his driver exactly
ten minutes to change the wheel. In order to play safe
they covered the remaining distance at a speed of 30
mph. consequently, Mr. ANYMAN was at wedding half -an-
hour behind schedule. "Had the car got the puncture
only 30 miles later , I would have been only FIFTEEN
minutes late" he told the driver . How Far is ANYCITY
from ANYTOWN.

Ans: 120 miles

3. There are three persons A,B,C. one day they set out
in different directions and each one steals an animal.
The animals are camel, horse and a mule though not in
the order. A CBI officer catches them and on
interrogation he has the following statements:

A says: B has stolen a horse
C says: A is telling wrong, B has stolen a mule.
B says: A and C are both telling wrong. I have stolen
Nothing.

The person stealing a camel tells wrong while the
person with a horse tells right. So tell which person
steal which animal.   

Ans: A: Camel   B: Mule   c: Horse
4   There are 3 societies A, B, C.   A Lent Tractors
to B and C as many as they had already. After some
time B gave as many tractors to A and C as many as
they have.  After sometime C did the same thing. At
the end of this transaction each one of them had 24.
Find the cars each originally had.  This question was
bit differently asked  with the same thing.
Ans: A had 39 cars, B had 21 cars & C had 12 cars     
             
5: Alpha, Beta , gamma, delta and epsilon are friends
and have birthdays on consecutive days though may not
be in order. Gamma is as many days old to Alpha  as
Beta is younger to Epsilon. Delta is two days older
then Epsilon. Gamma's Birthday is on Wednesday. Tell
whose birthday is when.
Ans:  Alpha: Friday   Beta: Saturday   Gamma:
Wednesday   Delta: Tuesday 
       Epsilon: Thursday
6. The quarter of the time from midnight to present
time added to the half of the time from the present to
midnight gives the present time. What is the present
time?
Ans: 9hrs past 36 minutes AM
7. A girl was on a vacation when she happened to
notice a snake. The snake was either black, brown or
yellow in colour and 35, 45 or 55 m long. She makes
the following remarks:

