Part-I: Puzzles   60Min, 50Marks

1.If 7 cats can catch 7 rats 7 ways in 7days,then 10cats can catch 10rats 10ways in how many days?
2.  S E N D
     MORE
---------------
MONEY
-----------------
3. Find the total number of rectangles (include squares also as
rectangles) in a 8 * 8 standard chessboard?
4.Find the minimum no of tyres required for a standard old modeled
four-wheeled car to travel 48000miles,if 24000miles per each tyre?
5. Mr. Sekhar and Ms. Sekhar are having conversation like this:
    Mr. Sekhar said to Ms. Sekhar: "Give me three quarters of what you
have , i will add it with what i have, totally to buy a house at
indiranagar for 5000/-,remaining at hand with you can be bought the
running stream and groove".
Ms.Sekhar, said ,"No, No, give me two thirds of what you have , i will add
it with what i have ,totally we can buy the house ,and the groove and
running stream we can buy with the remaining money we have".
 can you find the money required to buy the groove and stream?

6.EXACTLY LIKE THIS QUESTION WITH NAMES CHANGED (Practise this question)
 (1) Ashland is north of East Liverpool and west of Coshocton 
     (2) Bowling Green is north of Ashland and west of Fredericktown
      (3) Dover is south and east of Ashland
       (4) East Liverpool is north of Fredricktown and east of Dover
       (5) Fredricktown is north of Dover and west of Ashland
    (6) Coshocton is south of Fredricktown and west of Dover
1)Which of the towns mentioned is furthest to the northwest ?
(a) Ashland
(b) Bowling Green
(c) Coshocton
(d) East Liverpool
(e) Fredericktown
2). Which of the following must be both north and east of Fredricktown?
(I) Ashland
(II) Coshocton
(III) East Liverpool

(a) I only
(b) II only
(c) III only
(d) I and II
(e) I and III
3. Which of the following towns must be situated both south and west of at
least one other town?
(a) Ashland only
(b) Ashland and Fredricktown
(c) Dover and Fredricktown
(d) Dover,Coshocton and Fredricktown
(e) Dover,Coshocton and East Liverpool
4. Which of the following statements, if true, would make the information
in the numbered statements more specific?

(a) Coshocton is north of Dover
(b) East Liverpool is north of Dover
(c) Ashland is east of Bowling Green
(d) Coshocton is east of Fredericktown
(e) Bowling Green is north of Fredericktown

7. Two weather reporting resources  DD-I and BBC gave a report for the
rain coming in Bangalore city.The guantee of rain not to come given by
DD-I is 2/3, while the gaurantee of rain to fall given by BBC is 3/4.The
chance of rain to fall is more.If rain falls, what is the guarntee to
fall.(Values not exactly)

8.
9. Both these puzzles are good,and easy, but very big to remember and
prepare..,....
Part-II : English  30Min , 45 Marks
  All are very easy, we can score 45/45..
