First,the good news friends i got through infy.I have to join pune on
23rd may.this is my first mail to this wonderful group.I have been
waiting for so long to write this.

so i begin with my story,hope that nobody has to struggle so hard.As
my aggregate was less than 60%,I could'nt attend most of the
tests.Thankfully,infy will accept u even though u r aggregate is less
than 60.(u r test score has to be good).


1)tata infotech - failed in test
2)patni -  cleared test,GD,failed in tech interview
3)kpit cummins - failed in test
4)Compulink - failed in test
5)infosys - cleared test and 2 rounds of HR interview,Bingo!!!


The conclusion after giving so many test's is u are as good as the
company's requirement.....Despite being good at aptitude,I am unable
to understand why i fail to clear so many tests...So,I did study hard
for infy test.I got the call letter 15 days before the test.As,I was
working in a call centre,I used to study 1.5 hr daily & 6 hrs on my
offs(2 every week).I took a leave a day before the test and just
revised R.S. Agarwal and some selected questions from Shankutala Devi.

Remember: I got this info from a a wonderful member on chetana that
even u r rough work counts.Make sure that u r rough work is pretty
systematic,so that they can know abt u r way of thinking........When
I started writing the test,I could not solve the first 5,so I solved
the las t 5 first and then came back to solve 4 of first 5.So,don't
panic even if u can't solve them at the first shot.Solve the easier
ones first.You have ample time,u have time to solve most of them all
over again.Refer the following books:-

1)R.S. Agarwal
2)Shankutala Devi - Puzzles to puzzle u & more Puzzles to puzzle u.
(Any one of them is also enough)
3)George Summers - I think if u are able to solve any 2 sums yourself
it's more than enough.(very important for 8 mark question)
4)Previous infy papers - i did not solve any as i think most of the
answers/questions are wrong.
5)Ravi Narula - no idea,but some ppl suggest this.

Regarding interview:- There are 2 people in the panel.1 is friendly
and other 1 is cold.You need not worry about the cold one,just look
into his eyes from time to time.He is the one who observes u
carefully.......About the questions they are mostly situational to
test u r presence of mind.Also they are very interested in knowing
abt u r team events,so be prepared on questions abt working in a
team.You can take some time,it's not necessary to answer in a split
second.For a difficult question,u can kill time by repeating the
question.......The only thing that matters is u r confidence and
presence of mind.Guys with poor English need not worry (that is not a
criteria),u need to speak up......don't be quiet.Being quiet or
giving short answers indicates lack of confidence.U r answers should
be 1 - 3 mins depending on  the question.

The question papers have already been posted.So friends all the
best.If u r ready to work hard,I can assure u that God has a plan for
u.For some lucky ones,the plan is executed fast and for the luckiest
ones,it takes time.Never loose hope.Edison invented the bulb after a
1000 tries.When he was asked abt it,he said I know of a thousand ways
of not making a light bulb.That's how u r attitude should be!!!!

Last but not the least,I thank Chetana Madam for this wonderful
group.It's hard to imagine my struggle without the support of this
great group.Thank u!!

Bye & TC
U R friend