Hello Chetana mam,
 
                            I  would like to take this opportunity to thank u and all the other's in this group for doing a splendid job. The mails that come to this group is very useful both for freshers and for experienced ppl.. As a fresher myself and being a member of this group helped me a lot..
 
                           I wrote the Infy test on June 19th in Chennai. As the paper was already gn by the others, I will just list down the questions they asked me during the interview, which was conducted in their office the very next day. My interview timings was at 8:30 A.M
 
 
                          My training begins on July 25th in Mysore.. is there anyone.. who is also gng for training in this date ??.. If so, please reply to this id.. (kavithazmail@yahoo.com)
 
 
 
Interview Questions :
 
  There was only one interview for me,. My interview lasted for 25 minutes..
 
 1)  He asked me - "Where I'm coming from" ?
 
 2)  How did I come for the interview - mode of transport ?
 
 3)  Tell me about urself ?
 
 4)  He asked about my college ?
 
 5)  How was my college life ?   
 
             --   here .. u can say u didn't enjoy much / u enjoyed much.  I told him that I enjoyed
                  my college life and the  teachings there..
 
 6)  What is my career goal ?    
 
             ---  here u can say about the career objective (which u will all  have in ur resume) & 
                  about how u like working in the s/w  developement side .
 
7)  What is my strength ?       
 
          -- he told me give me an instance reg it.
 
8)  What is my weekness ?   
 
           --- here, i said that I'm little bit emotional ... along with an example...
 
9)  How can u work in this job if ur an emotional person ?  
 
            -- I said that I can control my emotions in a few minutes time rather than the emotions
               controlling me.. If u say it with confidence.. that's fine.. what ever u say .. say it with
               confidence.. and at the same time.. make sure it's sounds logical too..
 
10)  When did in ur life,did u go for Decision Making & give an instance ??
 
           --  I said that after my 12th Std.. it was my decision to take my Computer Science (as
               i liked right from my school days) in College. And at the same time.. I asked my
               parents regarding this decision.... and after discussing the pros and cons of each  \
               stream.. v all finally decided it will be good to take up CSE.
 
          --  If u tell it in detail.. and that too like ... u took in suggestions from ur parents [ which
              is obviously the truth as u would have discussed with ur parents before taking the
              decision]. it indicates that u can work in teams and that u won't try to dominate
              anyone.
 
    
11)   Give me an instance when u were innovative ??
 
         --  I told him with respect to my project as my project was on a platform which i didn't
             know.. So, i told him that i tried out news things in it and see which way was working
            effectively and all...
 
        --  When u say,.. ' say it fluently'.. don't break in the middle of ur sentences....
 
12)  Gave me 3 puzzles -
   
        (a)  When u enter a room, u can see a Ceiling Fan hanging from the roof.. How
              can u find out the height of the room. ?
 
                      ---  I told him that .. if the object was flexible one.. then u can try out the Simple
                           Pendulum concept .. But since .. it is a Sturdy one.. v can't apply Simple
                           Pendulum concept... and I also told him that it's not possible to find the
                           height of the room.
 
                    --   I'm not sure of this answer.. but this is what struck me ..when he asked me
                         that question.
 
        (b)   There are 4 ppl - A,B,C,D.  Only 2 ppl can cross the bridge at a time.. and
               there is only one torch. The time taken for each person was given -
                A = 2 minutes
                B = 3 minutes
                C & D ( I don't rem the timings)
 
                U have to find out the minimum time taken for everyone in total to cross the
                bridge.
 
                     --  I told him the answer..but i think it was wrong.. coz he just smiled at me..
                     --  This questions was given in some previous year sample paper..
 
     (c)  I don't rem the question..
              
 
So, friends .. these are questions they asked me..
 
(i)  Just relax and have a smiling face ..and just enjoy the time u are there..
     When u relaxed, calm and cool.. u basically can answer all the questions.. they ask  u
     with ease..
 
(ii)  Never show them that ur tensed.. Smile and enjoy the jokes that the interviewer cracks...
     and talk in ur natural voice.
 
(iii)  Don't put on a heavy accent when u speak.
 
(iv) Sit Back .. don't sit in the edge of the chair..
 
(v)  Never cross ur hands and sit..
 
(vi)  Be polite in answering questions.
 
(vii)  Always look at the interviewer's eyes and don't keep looking around... if there is more
       than one person, then.. initially look at all the ppl there in the panel and wish them and
       after that look at the person, who is asking u the questions and when u answer them, try
       ur  best to look  to look at the others too...
 
(viii)  Don't keep shifting ur position in the chair.. Maintain a constant position when ur sitting
        in the chair..
 
(ix)  Don't show actions when u answer the questuons...
 
okay then... Bye.. All the very best for the others who r gng to attend the interviews in the future..
 
 
Kavitha.
 