00_2
1. two friends A,B are running up  hill and then to get down!
length if road is 440 yards A on his return journy met B goin up at
20 yards from top,A has finished the rase .5 minuit earlier than
B,then how much time A had taken to complete the rase.

ans 6.3 minuits
marks 4

4. Joe started from bombay towards pune and her friend julie in opposite
direction.they meet at a point .distance travelled by joe was 1.8 miles
more
than that of julie.after spending some both started there way.joe reaches
in
2 hours while julie in 3.5 hours.
Assuming both were travelling with constant speed.Wath is the distance
between the two cities.   5M.

8. there were five hunters A,B,C,D,E and five animals A,B,C,D,E. Hunter
having the same name with the animal didn't kill it. Each hunter has
missed
some animal.
A animal was hunt by the hunter whose name matches with animal hunt by
hunter B.
C animal was hunt by the hunter whose name matches with animal hunt by
hunter D.
E has hunt C and missed D .find out animals hunted by A,B,C.  6m.


9. Five students A,B,C,D,E.
when conversation started B,C were speaking english.When D join them they
shifted to Spanish.A,E knows French .B,E knows Italian.Portoguese was
known
to there of them.Spanish was the most common language between them.
one of them knows five languages.
one of them knows four languages.
one of them knows there languages.
one of them knows two languages.
one of them knows only one languages.

A knows ?  4 options
B knows ?  4 options
C knows ?  4 options
E knows ?  4 options       8M

i1:
 2. No. of animals is 11 more than the no. of birds. If the
            no. of birds were the no. of animals and no. of animals
            were the no. of birds( ie., interchanging no.s of animals
            and birds.), the total no. of legs get reduced by one fifth
            (1/5). How many no. of birds and animals were there?
            ans: birds:11,animals:22

6)I6.htm 
A person has to go both Northwards&Southwards in search of a job. He decides to go by the first train he encounters.There are trains for every 15 min both southwards and northwards.First train towards south is at 6:00 A.M. and that towards North is at 6:10. If the person arrives at any random time,what is the probability that he gets into a train towards North. 


