So for most of the problems, think of the approach for the solution and not of the solution itself. Those problems which I remember exactly with statistics are marked with a (ƒº). 

Written test questions: 

.1) A man travels to his office at 10kms/hr. On his return journey he travels the same distance at the speed of 15kms/hr as the road was empty. What was the average speed? ƒº -> 3mks 
Sol: There is a formula for problems where same distance is covered in 2 different speeds and we are asked to find the average. 
The avg speed is : 2xy/(x+y)
Ie. 2*10*15/(10*15) = 12kms/hr.

2) A brigade (ie. A group of people) consists of 9 men and a captain. Each of the men produces 13 items of a certain goods a day. The captain produces 1/10 of the number of items produced by the entire brigade in a day. So how many items does the brigade produce in a single day? 
-> 3 to 4 mks
Sol: Find how much the captain produces a day and multiply it by 10. Most of the people forgot to multiply the number of items produced by the captain by 10. 

3) A man is going to a wedding party. He travels for 2hrs when he gets a puncture. Changing tyres takes 15mins. The rest of the journey he travels at 30 miles/hr. He reaches 30mins behind schedule. He thinks to himself that if the puncture had occurred 10miles earlier, he would have been only 15mins late. Find the total distance traveled by the man. 
ƒº -> 3 to 4 mks
Sol: You must get two equations of 3 varibles ie. Speed, time, and distance and then solve it.

4) There are 3 lecturers A, B, and C who all together take six subjects namely English, maths, French, history, geog, science. Each of them teach 2 subs. None of them teach the same subs. (After this follows some statements like 
a) A lives next to the maths lecturer. (here u can infer that A does not teach maths.
b) The French lecturer goes for a walk with the history lecturer.( here u can infer that any lecturer cant take French and history together because a person cant go for a walk with himself) etc etc.
(This is a george summers type of puzzle. Solve it by making a table and eliminating the various possibilities.) -> 8 mks

5) A murder happens. Four people are enquired. They speak as follows.
David : Tony did it.
George: I didn¡¦t do it.
Sony : George and david didnt do it.
Tony : David is lying.
Who will be the culprit 
a) if only one of them is lying.
b) If only one of them is telling the truth. -> 6mks
( I couldn¡¦t solve it.)

6) There are 70 employees in an office. 24 of them are married and are above the age of 25.
a) There are 12 females.
b) There are 25 males.
c) 12 males are married.
Etc etc.
How many females are unmarried and above the age of 25. -> 8 mks
Sol: Solve by using Venn diagrams. U will get the solution very quickly.

7) There are 2 clans Aryans and Dravidians. (Some conditions are given like a Aryan male can marry a Dravidian female. A Dravidian male cant marry a Aryan female. Etc etc.)
Then some questions are asked like:
Can a Aryan female have a Dravidian grandson? Etc. -> 8 mks
Remarks: This is very easy problem. Almost all had solved it. Since the problem is incomplete here, it looks complicated. Don¡¦t worry of this problem. 

8) When Arjun was 2 times the age of Bharat, Chethan was 26 yrs old. When Arjun was 3 times the age of Chethan, Bharat was 25yrs old. How old are A, B, and C at present?
Sol: Get two equations of variables A,B, and C. and solve them.
Given:
When A=2B => C = 26.
Hence A-2B=0 & C = 26.
Hence A-2B+C = 0 + 26 = 26
Hence A-2B+C = 26.
Similarly for second eqn A-3C+B = 25.
Eliminate A and solve for B and C and then substitute for A.

Interview puzzles:

1) There is a cube of dimensions 10x10x10 made up of smaller cubes of dimensions 1x1x1. The outer layer of the 10x10x10 box is shaved to get a smaller box. For this, how many small 1x1x1 boxes must be removed? ƒº 
Sol: The big box contains 10x10x10 = 1000 small cubes. When the outer layer is shaved we get a small box of dimensions 8x8x8 = 512 small boxes. Hence the number of small boxes removed are 1000 ¡V 512 = 488. 

2) There are three boxes with two ties each. One has 2 Black ties, the other has 2 white ties and the other has one black and one white tie. The boxes r labeled as BB, WW, and BW accordingly. Now the labels r interchanged such that now a box labeled BW is not BW and so on. You r allowed to take any one box and remove a single tie from it and see it. You must now be able to lable all the boxes properly. ƒº
Sol: Take the box labeled BW. We know that it is not BW since labels r interchanged. So u r having either a BB or WW box. Take out a tie from the box labeled BW. If it is a white tie , then u r having a WW box. The other two r BW and BB. In the other case u r having a BB box and the other two r BW and WW boxes.

3) There r two ropes of non uniform cross sections, each of which take 30 mins to burn. I want to measure 45 mins with it. How? ƒº
Sol: Burn the first thread, it takes 30 mins. Since the threads r of non uniform cross sections, half the thread does not necessarily burn in 15 mins. Hence, to measure 15mins, either fold the thread and burn it together or light the thread from both sides.

4) There r 6 balls. 5 of them r of same weight. The other is not of the same weight.(it may be more or less). In minimum how many number of weighings can u find the odd ball out? And how? ƒº
Sol: The ans is minimum 3 weighings.
Take 2 balls on each pan. 
a) in the first case, all the 4 balls in the pan r of the same weight and the balance stands equal. Then the faulty ball is in the other two balls. Remove the 4 balls from the pan and keep it aside. Put the other two balls one on each pan. The pan will now be up and down, since the balls r of different weight. Since the odd ball may be weighing more or less than the regular balls, we cant say here, which ball is faulty. Now remove any one ball and replace it with one of the 4 regular balls. It the pan stands equal, the ball u removed is faulty, else the other ball is faulty. 

b) The other case is when one of the 4 balls in the pan is faulty. Then the other two balls left out r regular balls. Remove one from each pan and replace them with the regular balls which were left out. If the pans become equal then the faulty ball is in one of the two balls u removed. (Continue an try to find out the solution) 

All the best and hope u find this paper useful. Bye!!! 