1.a tin sheet  of 34 x 34 inch. It has to be put on a square of the same size.
the carpenter puts the nails in such a way that there r 35 nails on each side of the square.
find the total no of nails

2.A and B starts palying a chess tournament with one match everyday.
 The one who looses gives a chocolate to the other. at the end of the
tournament B gives 8 chocolates to A. But A says that "i have won more matches than
B and B has won 20 matches".
Find the total no of matches.

3.There are a grp of people and lodges. Each lodge can have 3 members.Each member can
have two lodges. and any two lodges have one member in commom.Find the minimum no of 
persons in the grp and  the min no lodges .

4.A tour of nine days, starts with an amount travelled each day i.e: 20 km is added every day
example:  if on the starting day:
 he goes : x km
 so 2nd day : x +20 km
 third day : x+20+20
 and so in till the ninth day after which the tour ends.
 they complete tour is of 1850 km
a)find the distance travelled on the last day
b)find the distance travelled on the 4th day

5.Four ladies do a alpha,beta, chen,gamma do course for "delphi" "dancing" "harp" together.
after the completion of the course they make the following prediction
1)alpha: beta will no play the harp
2)beta :gamma will do delphi
3)gamma: chen will not play harp
4)chen: i think i have to get married to someone(..this means that she will do nothin
 related to the courses she had taken)
One of the prediction is true.
Find who does Delphi

6.Amir,Salman,Sharukk and Sunil has their daughters Madhuri,Manisha,Juhi,Sonali respectively
They make do a  voting to find out whose girl is the best. Each of the fathers cast 5 votes 
each in a different way.
a)Salman treats his friends daughters equally
b)Suni gives the maximum votes to his daughter
c)Amir gives equal votes to manisha and juhi
d)sharukk does not give a single vote to her daughter
Find the share of vote for Madhuri

7.a time and altitude problem ..i don't remember it ...the ans was 28 
 
bye...
Puru